EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION 


CONCESSION CONTRACT 


BETWEEN 
THE GOVERNMENT 


OF THE REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE 
AND 
ABC 
AND 
XYZ 


FOR 


ONSHORE/OFFSHORE AREA 
REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE 


Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 i 



Table of Contents 

 Article Subject Page 

Parties 1 
Preamble 2 
1 EPCC Documents 3 
2 Definitions 4 
3 EPCC Rights and their Duration 8 
4 Work Commitment during Exploration Period 12 
5 Conduct of Petroleum Operations 18 
6 Commercial Discovery and Development 20 
7 Relinquishment of Areas 22 
8 Records and Reports 23 
9 Cost Recovery and Production Entitlement 25 
10 Valuation of Petroleum 32 
11 Fiscal Terms and Other Charges 36 
12 Production Bonuses 46 
13 Lifting Arrangements 47 
14 Conservation of Petroleum and Prevention of Loss 48 
15 Decommissioning 49 
16 Insurance 52 
17 Natural Gas 55 
18 Employment and Training 58 
19 Indemnification and Liability 60 
20 Title 61 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 ii 



Article Subject Page 

 21 Rights of Inspection 62 
22 Accounting and Audits 63 
23 Confidentiality 64 
24 Assignment 66 
25 Force Majeure 68 
26 Foreign Exchange Control 70 
27 Nature and Extent of the Rights of the Concessionaire 73 
28 Protection of the Environment 80 
29 Surrender and Cancellation 83 
30 Consultation, Arbitration and Independent Expert 88 
31 Applicable Law 92 
32 Language 93 
33 Joint Operating Agreement 94 
34 Future Agreements 95 
35 Notices 96 

Annexes 

Annex “A” Description of the EPCC Area 
Annex “B” Map of the EPCC Area 
Annex “C” Accounting and Financial Procedures 
Annex “D” Form of Bank Guarantee 
Annex “E” Form of Parent Company Guarantee 
Annex “F” Joint Operating Agreement 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 iii 



Parties 

This Exploration and Production Concession Contract (“EPCC”) is made subject to 
applicable law on the .day of , 2010: 

(a) 
THE GOVERNMENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE, hereinafter 
referred to as “the Government” and herein represented by the Minister of 
Mineral Resources; and 
(b) 
ABC a corporation established under the laws of .. and having a 
branch office duly registered in Mozambique, hereinafter referred to as “abc” 
and herein represented by its appointed representative; and 
(c) 
XYZ, a company established in accordance with the laws of the Republic of 
Mozambique, hereinafter referred to as “xyz” and herein represented by its 
Chairman. 
abc and xyz shall hereinafter be referred to as the “Concessionaire”. The 
Concessionaire and the Government shall hereinafter collectively be referred to 
as the “Parties” and individually as “Party”. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 1 



Preamble 

WHEREAS, applicable petroleum law provides that all petroleum resources in the 
soil and the subsoil of the land territory, in the seabed of internal waters and the 
territorial sea, in the exclusive economic zone and on the continental shelf, are the 
property of the Republic of Mozambique; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to applicable petroleum law, the Government has the authority 
to ensure the implementation of the policy for Petroleum Operations and has for the 
purpose of this EPCC appointed the Ministry of Mineral Resources, hereinafter 
referred to as “MIREM”, to carry out certain functions for and on behalf of the 
Government as hereafter specified; 

WHEREAS, the Government desires to award to abc and xyz the right to undertake 
Petroleum Exploration, Development and Production in certain areas subject to the 
jurisdiction of the Republic of Mozambique; 

WHEREAS, the Concessionaire is willing, on certain terms and conditions stipulated 
to undertake Petroleum Exploration, Development and Production in the EPCC Area 
and has for such purpose technical competence and adequate financial resources; 
and 

WHEREAS, the applicable petroleum law provides that Petroleum Exploration, 
Development and Production shall be carried out under a concession; 

NOW THEREFORE it has been concluded as follows: 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 2 



Article 1 
EPCC Documents 

The EPCC consists of this EPCC main document and the following Annexes, which 
form an integral part hereof: 

 Annex “A” Description of the EPCC Area 
Annex “B” Map of the EPCC Area 
Annex “C” Accounting and Financial Procedure 
Annex “D” Form of Bank Guarantee 
Annex “E” Form of Parent Company Guarantee 
Annex “F” Joint Operating Agreement 

Subject to the conclusion of the EPCC, the Concessionaire shall submit a signed 
joint operating agreement in the form susbstantially set out in in Annex “ F”, for which 
Government approval is a condition under this EPCC. 

In the event of conflict between the provisions of the EPCC main document and its 
Annexes, the EPCC main document shall prevail. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 3 



Article 2 
Definitions 


Definitions stipulated in applicable petroleum law currently Law no. 3/2001 of 21 
February and Decree No. 24/2004 of 20 August apply to this EPCC unless the 
context otherwise requires. Words and phrases used in this EPCC including its 
Annexes shall have the following meanings: 

“Affiliated Company” means, in relation to any Person constituting the 
Concessionaire, any parent company which directly or indirectly controls such 
Person or any company which is directly controlled by such Person or any company 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by any such parent company. 
For the purpose of the foregoing definition: 

(a) 
a company is directly controlled by another company or companies holding 
shares or other equity ownership carrying in the aggregate more than fifty 
percent (50%) of the voting rights exercisable at general meetings; and 
(b) 
a particular company is indirectly controlled by a company or companies 
(“parent company or companies”) if a series of companies can be specified, 
beginning with the parent company or companies and ending with the particular 
company, so related that each company of the series, except the parent 
company or companies, is directly controlled by one or more of the companies 
earlier in the series. 
“Attributable Expenditure” means an expenditure incurred by the Concessionaire on 
Exploration Operations but excluding any expenditure incurred by the 
Concessionaire in conducting any Appraisal Programme or drilling any Appraisal 
Well. 

“Commercial Assessment Period” applies to a Discovery Area and means the period 
commencing, at the request of the Concessionaire, at the time when the appraisal 
report regarding the Appraisal Programme relating to the Discovery of non- 
Associated Natural Gas has been submitted by the Concessionaire. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 4 



“Commercial Production” means production of Petroleum and delivery of the same at 
the Delivery Point under a programme of production and sale as provided for in a 
Development Plan as amended from time to time. 

“Cost Petroleum” means the portion of Petroleum Produced available to the 
Concessionaire to cover the costs and expenses incurred in carrying out the 
Petroleum Operations as stipulated in the EPCC. 

“Decommissioning Fund” means the fund established to cover the costs of 
decommissioning operations. 

“Delivery Point” means in the case of Natural Gas the inlet flange of the transmission 
pipeline, and in the case of Crude Oil the inlet flange of the lifting tankship or, in 
either case, such other point as may be agreed by MIREM and the Concessionaire. 

“Discovery Area” means an area which extends laterally to cover, so far as the 
boundaries of the EPCC Area permit, any Block which contains the geological 
feature (as mapped with the relevant seismic data), or any part thereof, in which the 
Discovery is located. In the absence of adequate seismic data, and until such data 
becomes available, the Discovery Area shall be construed to mean the Block in 
which the Discovery well is located and the Blocks immediately surrounding such 
Block. 

“Effective Date” means the first day of the month following the date on which this 
EPCC has been signed by the Government and the Concessionaire and the ruling of 
the Administrative Tribunal has been obtained. 

“EPCC Area” means onshore/offshore located in the Mozambique ....... Basin as 
described in Annex A and depicted in Annex B. The applicable Petroleum Law and 
its provisions on the date of signature of this EPCC regulating Petroleum Operations 
using the term "Contract Area" shall be applied mutatis mutandis unless otherwise 
defined. 

“Evaluation Period” means the period, following a notice by the Concessionaire that it 
has made a Discovery, within which the Concessionaire is required to inform MIREM 
whether such Discovery is of potential commercial interest. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 5 



“Exclusive Petroleum Operations” means those Petroleum Operations carried out 
pursuant to applicable law and this EPCC chargeable to the account, benefit and 
liability of less than all Persons constituting the Concessionaire under this EPCC. 

“Expatriate Personnel” means any employee of any Person constituting the 
Concessionaire, of an Affiliated Company of any such Person or of any 
Subcontractor, provided such employee is not a citizen of the Republic of 
Mozambique and whose contract of employment provides for the payment or the 
reimbursement of the cost of his passage to and from the Republic of Mozambique. 

“Exploration Operations” means operations conducted hereunder for or in connection 
with Exploration for Petroleum in the EPCC Area and includes operations conducted 
to carry out an Appraisal Programme or to drill any Appraisal Well. 

“Exploration Period” means any relevant period of Exploration set out in this EPCC. 

“Exploration Well” means any well, the purpose of which at the time of the 
commencement of drilling is to explore for an accumulation of Petroleum, which 
accumulation was at that time unproven by drilling. 

“MIREM” means the Ministry of Mineral Resources or any other person or entity 
appointed to administer and regulate Petroleum Operations for and on behalf of the 
Government under the EPCC whose identity has been notified in writing to the 
Concessionaire. 

“Participating Interest” means the percentage interest portion, as further described in 
Article 3.2, of each Person constituting the Concessionaire in the rights, privileges, 
duties and obligations derived from this EPCC. 

“Person” means any natural person or any corporation, association, partnership, joint 
venture or entity which is considered a legal entity under the law of Mozambique or 
the laws of the country pursuant to which such corporation, association, partnership, 
joint venture or entity is governed. 

“Petroleum Production Tax” means the Imposto sobre a Produção de Petróleo as 
defined by applicable law. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 6 



“Petroleum Produced ” means Petroleum which has been extracted from a reservoir, 
initially separated and processed into Crude Oil, condensate or Natural Gas 
delivered to the Delivery Point appropriate for onwards transportation in bulk or 
through a pipeline. The same applies to “Crude Oil Produced”, Condensate 
Produced” and “Natural Gas Produced” as the case may be. 

“Profit Petroleum” means that portion of Disposable Petroleum, in excess of Cost 
Petroleum, which is allocated to the Parties under the terms of the EPCC. 

“Subcontractor” means any Person retained by the Concessionaire to carry out any 
part of the Petroleum Operations. 

"State Participating Interest" means the share of the Participating Interest owned by 
an entity holding such share on behalf of the Government. 

“Wellhead” means the inlet flange of the first valve after the wellhead production 
manifold. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 7 



Article 3 
EPCC Rights and their Duration 


3.1 This EPCC : 
(a) 
is a concession awarded pursuant to Petroleum Law No. 3/2001 of 21 
February, which authorises the conduct of certain Petroleum 
Exploration, Development and Production activities in the EPCC Area 
as defined herein; 
(b) 
confers on the Concessionaire, subject to applicable law and the 
terms and conditions set forth in this EPCC, an exclusive right to 
conduct Petroleum Operations in order to produce Petroleum from 
resources originating from one or more Petroleum Deposit in the 
subsoil within the limits of the EPCC Area; 
(c) 
save where access to an existing Oil Pipeline or Gas Pipeline System 
is available on reasonable commercial terms, confers a non- exclusive 
right subject to applicable law to construct and operate an Oil Pipeline 
or Gas Pipeline System for the purpose of transporting Petroleum 
Produced from Petroleum Deposits under this EPCC. 
3.2 
(a) Prior to this EPCC reaching the Effective Date this EPCC has to be 
approved by the Council of Ministers, the appurtenant agreements to 
this EPCC have to be signed by the Concessionaire, and the ruling 
of the Administrative Tribunal has to be obtained. 
b) 
On the Effective Date the respective Participating Interests of abc and 
xyz is ... percent (...%) and ... percent (...%) respectively. 

3.3 
The rights and obligations of the Concessionaire shall commence on the 
Effective Date and shall subsist: 
(a) 
during the Exploration Period; and 
(b) 
subject to terms and conditions as hereinafter provided, during the 
Development and Production Period; 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 8 



 provided that obligations of the Concessionaire which have accrued 
hereunder before the end of any relevant Exploration Period or an applicable 
Development and Production Period shall, notwithstanding that this EPCC 
has otherwise been cancelled subject to applicable law or the terms and 
conditions of this EPCC, continue to be binding on the Concessionaire for the 
period provided by the applicable law and for the purpose of any claim in 
respect thereof, the provisions of Article 30 shall continue to apply. 

3.4 
The first Exploration Period shall commence on the Effective Date. Unless the 
EPCC is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms, it shall continue for a 
period of .... (...) months. 
3.5 
Where the Concessionaire desires to extend the Exploration Period the 
Concessionaire shall submit a notice to MIREM to that effect. Such notice 
has to be submitted not later than thirty (30) days before the expiry of the first 
Exploration Period or any subsequent Exploration Period would otherwise 
expire. Provided that the Concessionaire has fulfilled, or is deemed to have 
fulfilled, its obligations under the first Exploration Period, the Concessionaire 
is entitled: 
(a) 
at the end of the first Exploration Period, to a second Exploration 
Period of ... (....) months; and 
(b) 
at the end of the second Exploration Period, to a third Exploration 
Period of ..... (....) months; and 
(c) 
to the rights referred to in Article 3.6; and 
(d) 
to such additional period of time that may be necessary to give effect 
to Article 25.4 on force majeure. 
3.6 
Extensions shall be granted in the following situations: 
(a) 
Where pursuant to Article 6 the Concessionaire has notified MIREM 
that it has made a Discovery, the Exploration Period shall not, in 
respect of the Discovery Area to which that Discovery relates, 
terminate before the end of the Evaluation Period. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 9 



(b) 
Where before the end of the Evaluation Period the Concessionaire 
has pursuant to Article 6 notified MIREM that a Discovery is of 
potential commercial interest, the Exploration Period shall not in 
respect of the Discovery Area to which that Discovery relates 
terminate before approval of the Development Plan. 
(c) 
Where pursuant to Article 17.3 the Commercial Assessment Period 
has commenced in respect of a Discovery of Natural Gas, the 
Exploration Period shall not, in respect of the Discovery Area to which 
that Discovery relates, terminate so long as that Commercial 
Assessment Period continues. 
(d) 
Where the work program of the Concessionaire due to reasons 
beyond the resonable control of the Concessionaire has been delayed 
due to the inability to secure appropriate equipment necessary to 
conduct Petroleum Operations (including but not limited to drill ships, 
drill barges and seismic vessels) the Concessionaire shall notify 
MIREM and when required for the Concessionaire to complete the 
obligatory Exploration work commitment submit a properly reasoned 
request for such extension that may be necessary to allow the 
completion of such Exploration work program. MIREM shall without 
undue delay consider and respond to such request and if not granted 
give grounds for refusing to grant the extention; 
3.7 
Where the Concessionaire has not prior to expiry of the last Exploration 
Period given notice to MIREM a Declaration of Commerciality, the 
Concessionaire shall at the end of that Period have no further rights or 
obligations in the EPCC Area or under this EPCC except as specifically 
provided herein. 
3.8 
Where, during a relevant Exploration Period the Concessionaire has given to 
MIREM a Declaration of Commerciality by notice, the Concessionaire shall, in 
respect of the Development and Production Area to which any such notice 
relates, continue at the end of the Exploration Period to have rights and 
obligations hereunder for so long as the Development and Production Period 
for that Development and Production Area subsists. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 10 



3.9 
A “Development and Production Period” shall commence with respect to each 
Development and Production Area on the date on which the Development 
Plan for that Development and Production Area has been approved in 
accordance with applicable law, and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Concessionaire and, unless this EPCC is sooner terminated in 
accordance with its terms and applicable law, shall, in respect of the 
Development and Production Area to which the said notice relates, continue 
to subsist for a Development and Production Period of ..... (....) years and for 
such additional periods that may be necessary to give effect to Article 25.4. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 11 



Article 4 
Work Commitment during Exploration Period 


4.1 
The Concessionaire shall, in the discharge of its obligations to carry out 
Exploration Operations, carry out the work stipulated in this EPCC unless 
otherwise provided or pay to the Government not less than the sums set forth 
below in this Article. The Exploration work commitments stipulated in this 
Article shall not be performed collectively by the Concessionaire as Exclusive 
Petroleum Operations. 
4.2 
During the first Exploration Period of ...... (....) months, the Concessionaire 
shall conduct the following Exploration work commitment: 
a) ..... 
b) ....... 


In case of non-performance of any part of the Exploration work commitment 
described in this Article 4.2, save for exemptions listed in this Article, and in the 
manner provided by this Article, the maximum amount of any guarantee or the 
maximum amount to be paid by the Concessionaire to the Government 
(hereinafter referred to as “Minimum Expenditure”) for this Period shall be 
......United States dollars (USD ....). 

4.3 
During the subsequent second Exploration Period of ..... (.....) months, the 
Concessionaire shall conduct the following Exploration work commitment: 
a) ...... 

b) ..... 

In case of non-performance of any part of the Exploration work commitment 
described in this Article 4.3, save for exemptions listed in this Article, and in the 
manner provided by this Article, the maximum amount of any guarantee or the 
maximum amount to be paid by the Concessionaire to the Government 
(hereinafter referred to as “Minimum Expenditure”) for this period shall be ..... 
United States dollars (USD ....). 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 12 



4.4 
During the subsequent third Exploration Period of ..... (.....) months, the 
Concessionaire shall conduct the following Exploration work commitment: 
a) ...... 
b) ........ 


In case of non-performance of any part of the Exploration work commitment 
described in this Article 4.4, save for exemptions listed in this Article, and in the 
manner provided by this Article, the maximum amount of any guarantee or the 
maximum amount to be paid by the Concessionaire to the Government 
(hereinafter referred to as “Minimum Expenditure”) for this period shall be .... 
United States dollars (USD ..... ). 

4.5 
Should any well forming part of the Exploration work commitments provided 
for in Articles 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 be abandoned, for any reason other than a 
reason specified in Article 4.6 below, before reaching the defined objectives 
of such well, the Concessionaire shall drill a substitute well. In this event the 
relevant Exploration Period shall be extended by a reasonable period of time 
as MIREM may agree to allow the drilling and evaluation of the substitute 
well. 
4.6 
Unless otherwise approved by MIREM, any well which forms part of the 
Exploration work commitments provided for in Articles 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 shall 
be drilled to such depth as set forth in those Articles, unless before reaching 
the required depth: 
(a) 
further drilling would in the reasonable opinion of the Concessionaire 
present an obvious danger, due to such events as, but not limited to, 
the presence of abnormal pressure or excessive losses of drilling 
mud; 
(b) 
impenetrable formations are encountered; 
(c) 
Petroleum bearing formations are encountered which require 
protecting, thereby preventing planned depths from being reached; or 
(d) 
MIREM agrees to terminate the drilling operation. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 13 



4.7 
In circumstances which the Concessionaire is permited pursuant to Article 4.6 
to drill any well to a lesser depth than required pursuant to Article 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 
and 4.5, the Concessionaire shall be deemed to have satisfied all the 
Concessionaire’s obligations in respect of that well. 
4.8 
During the drilling of Exploration Wells hereunder, the Concessionaire shall, 
in accordance with applicable law, keep MIREM informed of the progress of 
each well and shall: 
(a) 
as soon as reasonably possible, consult with MIREM regarding any 
proposed well testing programme; 
(b) 
test potentially commercially viable horizons, in the opinion of the 
Concessionaire and after consultation with MIREM, within the EPCC 
Area indicated by wireline logging or by other means of formation 
evaluation; and 
(c) 
promptly undertake a technical evaluation of the said test results and 
of all other relevant subsurface data and submit the same to MIREM 
as soon as it has been completed. 
4.9 
The Minimum Expenditure obligations set forth in Articles 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 
shall not in respect of any Exploration Period be satisfied unless the total 
Attributable Expenditure for each Exploration Period equals or exceeds the 
amount of the Minimum Expenditure for that period; provided, however, that 
if, at the end of any Exploration Period, the work commitments for that period 
has been completed to the reasonable satisfaction of MIREM, the expenditure 
incurred by the Concessionaire during that period shall be deemed to equal or 
exceed the Minimum Expenditure for that period as specified in Articles 4.2, 
4.3 and 4.4. 
4.10 (a) Minimum Expenditure guarantee 
Without prejudice to the joint and several liability of the Persons constituting 
the Concessionaire, each of the Persons constituting the Concessionaire 
shall by no later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, and where this 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 14 



EPCC has been extended pursuant to Article 3.5, on the first day of such 
extension period, provide, in substantially the form shown in Annex “D”, an 
unconditional and irrevocable bank guarantee in respect of its Participating 
Interest share and the relevant portion of Carry of the Minimum Expenditure 
for the first Exploration Period or, as the case may be, the Minimum 
Expenditure obligations for the second or third Exploration Period, as the 
same may have been reduced by the provisions of Article 4.11. For the 
purpose of this Article 4.10(a), where a Person constituting the 
Concessionaire has undertaken to fund payments in respect of Minimum 
Expenditure which would otherwise have been payable by another Person 
constituting the Concessionaire, the share of Minimum Expenditure of that 
Person constituting the Concessionaire giving that undertaking will be 
deemed to include the share of Minimum Expenditure for which such other 
Person constituting the Concessionaire would have been liable if no such 
undertaking had been given. 

4.10 
(b) Parent Company guarantee 
Without prejudice to the joint and several liability of the Persons constituting 
the Concessionaire, the Operator shall by no later than thirty (30) days after 
the approval of the first Development Plan provide, in substantially the form 
shown in Annex “E”, an unconditional and irrevocable parent company 
guarantee from an entity acceptable to MIREM in respect of all its 
obligations under this EPCC beyond the scope of the Minimum Expenditure 
guarantee. 
4.11 
The amount of any bank guarantee given pursuant to Article 4.10(a) shall be 
reduced by the Concessionaire in discharge of its obligations under Articles 
4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 as follows: 
(i) 
during the first Exploration Period: 
􀁸 ..... United States dollars (USD .... ) at completion of Article 4.2 a); 
􀁸 .... United States dollars (USD ....) at completion of Aticle 4.2 b); 
(ii) 
during the second Exploration Period: 
􀁸 ..... United States dollars (USD ....) at completion of Article 4.3 a); 
􀁸 .... United States dollars (USD .....) at completion of Article 4.3 b); 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 15 



(iii) 
during the third Exploration Period: 
􀁸 .... United States dollars (USD ...... ) at completion of Article 4.4 a) 
􀁸 .... United States dollars (USD ...) at completion of Article 4.4 b); 
4.12 
If, at the end of the first Exploration Period or at the end of any Exploration 
Period, the Attributable Expenditure incurred by the Concessionaire during 
that period does not or is not, pursuant to Article 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4, deemed to 
be equal or exceed the Minimum Expenditure for that period, MIREM shall 
notify the Concessionaire and the Concessionaire shall, unless the full 
amount of the shortfall has been met by the Concessionaire within thirty (30) 
days of such notification, have the right to call on said guarantee for the 
payment thereunder to MIREM of the full amount of the shortfall. 
4.13 
In the event where the number of Exploration Wells drilled by the 
Concessionaire and/or the amount of seismic data acquired during any 
Exploration Period exceed the number of wells and/or the amount of seismic 
data acquired provided for in the work commitments for that period, as 
specified in Articles 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4, the number of additional Exploration 
Wells drilled and/or the additional amount of seismic data acquired by the 
Concessionaire during such Exploration Period may be carried forward and 
treated as work undertaken in discharge of the Concessionaire’s commitment 
to drill Exploration Wells and/or seismic data acquired during the succeeding 
period; provided, however, if by reason of the provisions of this Article the 
work commitments of the Concessionaire for any Period as specified in 
Articles 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 has been fully discharged by the Concessionaire 
before that period commences, the Concessionaire, after consultation with 
MIREM, shall adopt a work commitment for the period in question so as to 
ensure the continuity of Petroleum Operations in, or in connection with, the 
EPCC Area during that period. 
4.14 
Except as otherwise provided, nothing in Article 4.12 or Article 4.13 shall be 
read or construed as extinguishing, postponing or modifying any commitment 
of the Concessionaire to carry out seismic surveys or to drill Exploration Wells 
pursuant to this Article. 
4.15 
Neither the Appraisal Wells nor seismic surveys carried out pursuant to an 
Appraisal Programme drawn up pursuant to Article 6.2 nor the expenditure 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 16 



incurred by the Concessionaire in carrying out such Appraisal Programme 
shall be treated as discharging in whole or in part the Minimum Expenditure 
obligations set out in Articles 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4. 

4.16 
Within sixty (60) days of the Effective Date for so long as an Exploration 
Period subsists and at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of each 
calendar year or at such other times as may be approved in advance by 
MIREM, the Concessionaire shall prepare in reasonable detail and submit 
to MIREM an Exploration work programme and budget for the remaining 
portion of the calendar year or, for the subsequent calendar year(s), and a 
proposed structure for the Concessionaire’s organisation for the conduct of 
Exploration Operations in the EPCC Area. 
4.17 
The work programme and budget prepared by the Concessionaire shall be 
consistent with obligations under this EPCC and shall set forth the Petroleum 
Operations which the Concessionaire proposes to carry out during the 
remaining portion of the calendar year or for subsequent calendar year(s). 
The Concessionaire shall consider any recommendations made by MIREM in 
respect thereof and after making such revisions thereto as the 
Concessionaire considers appropriate submit the revised annual work 
programme and budget to MIREM for information. 
4.18 
The Concessionaire may at any time amend the work programme and budget 
submitted in accordance with Articles 4.16 and 4.17, provided that the 
amended work programme and budget are: 
(a) 
prepared in reasonable detail and submitted to MIREM, whose 
recommendations in respect thereof shall be considered by the 
Concessionaire; and 
(b) 
consistent with the Concessionaire’s obligations under this Article; 
and 
(c) 
submitted to MIREM for information once the Concessionaire has 
made such revisions as it deems appropriate after consideration of 
any recommendations made by MIREM. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 17 



Article 5 
Conduct of Petroleum Operations 

5.1 
The Concessionaire shall carry out Petroleum Operations in the EPCC Area: 
(a) 
diligently and with due regard to Good Oilfield Practice; 
(b) 
subject to applicable law; specifically the Petroleum Law and the 
Regulations for Petroleum Operations; 
(c) 
in accordance with environmental and safety standards generally 
accepted in the international petroleum industry and applicable from 
time to time in similar circumstances; 
(d) 
in respect of any Development and Production Area in compliance 
with the Development Plan for that Development and Production Area. 
5.2 
Where the Concessionaire is more than one Person any obligation of the 
Concessionaire hereunder shall be a joint and several obligation of the 
Persons who constitute the Concessionaire, save for the following each of 
which shall be a several obligation of each of those Persons: 
(a) 
the obligation to pay corporate income tax or any other tax assessed and 
levied on profit or net income; 
(b) 
the obligation to observe stipulations relating to confidentiality as set out in 
Article 23 save in respect of their application to anything performed or to be 
performed by the Operator in his capacity as such; and 
(c) 
the obligation to observe stipulations relating to foreign exchange as set out 
or referred to in Article 26 save in respect of their application to any actions 
performed or to be performed by the Operator in his capacity as such. 
5.3 
...... shall be the Operator. No change of the Operator may take effect unless 
it has been approved in writing by MIREM. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 18 



5.4 
Throughout the period of this EPCC, the Concessionaire or where more than 
one Person constitutes the Concessionaire, the Operator shall ensure that it 
has a general manager or another appointed representative who shall reside 
in the Republic of Mozambique or such other country as may be mutually 
agreed by all Parties. The Concessionaire or, as the case may be, the 
Operator shall appoint the general manager or other representative and shall 
notify MIREM of the identity of the individual so appointed within one hundred 
and twenty (120) days after the Effective Date. If for any reason the individual 
so appointed ceases to be the general manager, the Concessionaire or, as 
the case may be, the Operator shall as soon as practicable appoint a 
replacement acceptable to MIREM and shall notify MIREM of the identity of 
the replacement. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 19 



Article 6 
Commercial Discovery and Development 


6.1 
Where, in the course of the Petroleum Operations, a Discovery of Petroleum 
is made in the EPCC Area, the Concessionaire shall as soon as reasonably 
possible by written notice inform MIREM whether or not, in its opinion, the 
said Discovery is of potential commercial interest. 
6.2 
For a Discovery of potential commercial interest the Concessionaire shall 
promptly prepare an Appraisal Programme and, after consultation with 
MIREM, carry out such Appraisal Programme and submit a report of the 
appraisal activities to MIREM within three (3) months after the completion of 
the Appraisal Programme. 
6.3 
The Concessionaire shall submit to MIREM for Government consideration 
and approval a Development Plan for a proposed Development and 
Production Area for the Discovery, so as to include such a Development and 
Production Area in a single area, so far as the boundaries of the EPCC Area 
permit, the entire area of the Petroleum reservoir or reservoirs in respect of 
which a Declaration of Commerciality has been given. MIREM shall consider 
without undue delay the proposed Development Plan submitted by the 
Concessionaire. If MIREM is unable to complete consultation with concerned 
relevant authorities within twelve (12) months from receipt of the proposed 
Development Plan submitted by the Concessionarire for approval, then 
MIREM shall notify the Concessionaire and shall when possible indicate when 
it is expected that the consulation process shall be completed. 
6.4 
If Commercial Production of a Discovery has not commenced within a period 
of .... (.....) years for Crude Oil and ..... (.....) years for non-Associated Natural 
Gas, or such longer period as may be specified in an approved Development 
Plan, from the date on which the Development Plan is approved, then the 
rights and obligations of the Concessionaire over the Development and 
Production Area to which the Discovery relates shall be extinguished as 
though the said area had been surrendered pursuant to Article 29. Such 
period may be extended: 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 20 



(a) 
by any period that may be necessary to commence Commercial 
Production where the Concessionaire commenced promptly to 
implement the Development Plan as soon as the Development Plan 
was approved and has continued to diligently implement the 
Development Plan but at the end of the period (s) prescribed in clause 
6.4 above or such longer period as is specified in the approved 
Development Plan, has not yet commenced Commercial Production; 
or 
(b) 
by the period of time that the commencement of Commercial 
Production has been delayed for lack of any approval or permit 
required to be obtained from the Government or any agency thereof 
after the implementation of the Development Plan has begun and prior 
to the commencement of Commercial Production and such delay is 
not attributable to actions or omissions which are within the 
reasonable control of the Concessionaire; or 
(c) 
by any period that may be necessary to give effect to Article 25.4. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 21 



Article 7 
Relinquishment of Areas 


7.1 
Where, pursuant to a request by the Concessionaire under Articles 3.5 (a) 
and (b), the Exploration Period is extended at the end of the first Exploration 
Period, the Concessionaire shall relinquish its rights: 
(a) 
at the commencement of the second Exploration Period of ..... (....) 
months in respect of a portion of the EPCC Area so that the area 
retained, excluding what is already included in a Development and 
Production Area or in a Discovery Area, does not exceed ..... per cent 
(.....%) of the EPCC Area on the Effective Date; 
(b) 
at the commencement of the third Exploration Period of ... (....) 
months in respect of a portion of the EPCC Area so that the area 
retained, excluding what is already included in a Development and 
Production Area or in a Discovery Area, does not exceed ..... percent 
(....%) of the EPCC Area on the Effective Date, as reduced under item 
(a) above; 
(c) 
at the end of the third Exploration Period in respect of the remainder of 
the EPCC Area other than any Development and Production Areas or 
any area in respect of which the Exploration Period has been further 
extended pursuant to Articles 3.5 (c) and (d). 
7.2 
For the purpose of this Article, a Discovery Area shall not include any area 
which relates to a Discovery in respect of which: 
(a) 
the Concessionaire has notified MIREM that the Discovery is not 
considered to be of potential commercial interest, is not commercial or is 
no longer considered to be commercial, or 
(b) 
a Development and Production Area has previously been delineated. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 22 



Article 8 
Records and Reports 


8.1 
The Concessionaire shall prepare and, at all times while this EPCC is in 
force, maintain accurate and up-to-date records of its operations in the EPCC 
Area. The Concessionaire shall furnish MIREM with such available 
information, data and reports relating to the Petroleum Operations, as well as 
assessments and interpretations relating to the Petroleum Operations all of 
which as MIREM may reasonably require. 
8.2 
Well logs, maps, magnetic tapes, core and cutting samples and other 
geological and geophysical information obtained by the Concessionaire in the 
course of carrying out the Petroleum Operations shall be submitted to MIREM 
and, save as provided in Article 8.3 or authorised pursuant to Article 23, may 
not be published, reproduced or otherwise dealt with without the consent of 
MIREM. 
8.3 
The Concessionaire may retain for its own use copies of material constituting 
Documentation, with the approval of MIREM, and retain for its own use 
original material constituting Documentation; provided that samples 
equivalent in size and quality or, where such material is capable of 
reproduction, copies have been supplied to MIREM. The Concessionaire may 
freely export for processing or laboratory examination or analysis samples or 
other original materials constituting Documentation; provided that samples 
equivalent in size and quality or, where such material is capable of 
reproduction, copies of equivalent quality have first been delivered to MIREM. 
8.4 
The Concessionaire shall keep MIREM currently advised of all major 
developments taking place during the course of the Petroleum Operations 
and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing the Concessionaire 
shall: 
(a) 
within forty five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter 
prepare and deliver a progress report to MIREM which shall contain a 
narrative report of activities hereunder during such calendar quarter 
with plans and maps showing the places where the work described 
was done; and 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 23 



(b) 
within four (4) months after the end of each calendar year prepare and 
deliver to MIREM an annual report which shall consolidate and where 
necessary revise and amplify the quarterly progress reports furnished 
in respect of that calendar year. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 24 



Article 9 
Cost Recovery and Production Entitlement 


9.1 
The Concessionaire shall bear and pay all costs incurred in carrying out the 
Petroleum Operations in which the Concessionaire participates, and the 
Concessionaire shall recover such costs, to the extent permitted by the EPCC 
including the provisions of Annex “C” of this EPCC, (hereinafter referred to as 
“Recoverable Costs”), and shall be remunerated exclusively by means of an 
entitlement to quantities of Petroleum to which the Concessionaire is entitled 
as herein provided. 
9.2 
The provisions related to cost recovery and profit entitlement set out in this 
Article shall apply to Petroleum provided that the Government and the 
Concessionaire shall have title in undivided participating entitlement to the 
Petroleum available for sale in any given period. Unless otherwise instructed 
by the Government the sale of such Petroleum shall take place on a joint 
dedicated basis by the Concessionaire and the Concessionaire will hold those 
entitlements in undivided proportions equal to the proportions in which during 
that period each Party was entitled to Disposable Petroleum. Such 
instructions shall not affect volumes of Petroleum subject to contract. 
Accordingly, the proceeds from the sale on a joint dedicated basis of 
Petroleum in any given period shall be divided between the Government and 
the Concessionaire in the proportions in which they had title in undivided 
entitlements to the Petroleum sold. 
9.3 
From the total quantity of Petroleum Produced, the Concessionaire may take 
a portion thereof necessary to discharge the Concessionaire’s obligation for 
the Petroleum Production Tax. The balance of Petroleum Produced remaining 
after the aforesaid portion of the Petroleum Production Tax has been set 
aside is hereinafter referred to as “Disposable Petroleum”. 
9.4 
(a) For purposes of the R-factor calculation, Disposable Petroleum and 
Cost Petroleum shall be calculated in respect of the whole of the EPCC Area. 
(b) Insofar as permitted by applicable law and this EPCC, all costs 
incurred by the Concessionaire in relation to Petroleum Operations shall be 
recovered from Disposable Petroleum as available at the Delivery Point. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 25 



 (c) In addition, and in the event the Government and/or the 
Concessionaire elect to take Profit Petroleum in kind, the Concessionaire 
shall, for accounting and reporting purposes, record Cost Petroleum 
separately: 
(i) 
in respect of each Development and Production Area, and 
(ii) 
in the form of liquids and gas, on a pro-rata basis relative to the 
volumes of Petroleum Produced. 
For the purposes of this EPCC, condensate shall be taken in liquids or gas on 
the basis of its character at the Delivery Point. 

9.5 
For each calendar year, all Recoverable Costs incurred by the 
Concessionaire in relation to Petroleum Operations in the EPCC Area shall 
be limited to ....percent (....%) of Disposable Petroleum. 
9.6 
The Cost Petroleum for any quarter calculated in the manner aforesaid shall 
be increased by: 
(a) 
the amount of any contributions made by the Concessionaire into the 
Decommissioning Fund during such quarter; and 
(b) 
the costs incurred by the Concessionaire during such quarter to 
implement an approved Decommissioning Plan prepared pursuant to 
applicable law and the provisions of Article 15 save to the extent that, 
such costs have been funded by withdrawals from the 
Decommissioning Fund; and 
(c) 
provided that in no event shall the Cost Petroleum exceed the 
Disposable Petroleum. 
9.7 
Costs, to the extent permitted by the provisions of Annex “C” of this EPCC, 
shall subject to Article 9.8, be recovered from Cost Petroleum: 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 26 



(a) 
in respect of the amount of Development and Production Capital 
Expenditures stipulated in Annex “C” of this EPCC incurred during 
each calendar year, by the recovery of such amount at a maximum 
yearly rate of twenty five (25 %) on a linear depreciation basis, 
beginning in the calendar year in which such amount is incurred or in 
the calendar year in which Commercial Production commences, 
whichever is later; 
(b) 
in respect of costs attributable to Exploration as stipulated in Annex 
“C” of this EPCC (hereinafter referred to as “Exploration Costs”), by 
the recovery of the full amount in the calendar year in which they 
were incurred or in the calendar year in which Commercial Production 
commences, whichever is later; and 
(c) 
in respect of operating costs attributable to Petroleum Operations 
stipulated as Operating Costs in Annex “C” to this EPCC (hereinafter 
referred to as “Operating Costs”) (including any contributions into the 
Decommissioning Fund pursuant to applicable law, the provisions of 
Article 15 and including any costs incurred by the Concessionaire to 
implement an approved Decommissioning Plan prepared pursuant to 
the provisions of applicable law save to the extent, in either case, that 
such costs have been funded by withdrawals from the 
Decommissioning Fund), by the recovery of the full amount in the 
calendar year in which they were incurred. 
9.8 
To the extent that Recoverable Costs in any year exceed the value of Cost 
Petroleum available in that year, the unrecovered excess shall be carried 
forward for recovery in the next succeeding year or years until fully recovered. 
9.9 
The quantity of Cost Petroleum to which the Concessionaire is entitled in any 
year shall be established on the basis of the value of the Petroleum Produced 
during such year, and determined in accordance with Article 10. 
9.10 
The “Profit Petroleum”, shall be shared between the Government and the 
Concessionaire according to a scale varying with the value of the R-Factor, 
where: 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 27 



(a) 
R-Factorn = (Cumulative Cash Inflows) n / 
(Cumulative Capital Expenditures) n 
(b) 
Cumulative Cash Inflows n = 
Cumulative Cash Inflows (n-1) 
+ Concessionaire’s portion of Profit Petroleum (n-1) 
+ Concessionaire’s Cost Petroleum n 
-Operating Costs n 
-Computed Corporate Income Tax n 
(c) 
Cumulative Capital Expenditures n = 
Cumulative Capital Expenditures (n-1) 
+ Exploration Costs n 
+ Development and Production Capital Expenditures n 
Where: 
n is the current year; and (n-1) is the previous year; 


Concessionaire’s Cost Petroleum is the amount of Recoverable Costs 
actually recovered; 

Computed corporate income tax is the Concessionaire’s corporate 
income tax obligation computed according to applicable tax law and 
Article 11. 

For the purpose of calculating the R-Factor, the first year (n=1) shall be the 
yearr during which the Effective Date occurs. Any Capital Expenditures 
incurred prior to the Effective Date shall not be deemed for the purpose of the 
R-Factor calculation to have been incurred during the quarter for the Effective 
Date. 

 The R-Factor shall be calculated on the last day of each calendar year and 
the applicable ratio shall determine the sharing of Profit Petroleum throughout 
the following calendar year. 

The scale for Profit Petroleum is as follows: 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 28 



R-Factor Government’s 
Portion 
Concessionaire’s 
Portion 
Greater than 0.0 and less 
than 1.0 
... % .... % 
Equal to or greater than 1.0 
and less than 2.0 
.... % .... % 
Equal to or greater than 2.0 
and less than 3.0 
.... % .... % 
Equal or grater than 3.0 .... % .... % 

9.11 (a) If there is a breach of the warranty set out in Article 11.6 or in the event that 
after the Effective Date there is a change in the laws of the Republic of 
Mozambique of the kind referred to in Article 11 and as a result the Parties 
meet to agree on changes to be made to this EPCC then during the period 
starting when the change in the law comes into effect and ending when an 
agreement between the Parties is reached pursuant to Article 11, the 
portion of Profit Petroleum to which the Concessionaire and the 
Government would otherwise be entitled shall be adjusted so that the net 
revenues to be received by the Concessionaire from Petroleum Operations 
are the same as they would have been if no change in the law had taken 
place. 
(b) 
Where the Parties have reached agreement on the changes to be made 
to this EPCC pursuant to Article 11, this EPCC will be deemed to stand 
amended to the extent necessary to give effect to that agreement in 
accordance with its terms. 
9.12 
Concessionaire’s Cost Petroleum and Profit Petroleum calculations shall be 
done for each calendar year on a cumulative basis. To the extent that actual 
quantities and expenses are not known, provisional estimates based on the 
approved work program and operating and capital budgets shall be used. 
Until such time as the value of Petroleum attributable to a calendar year is 
determined, the calculations will be based on the value of such Petroleum 
during the preceding calendar year and in the absence of such value, on the 
value agreed between MIREM and the Concessionaire. Adjustments shall be 
made during the succeeding calendar year based on actual Petroleum 
quantities, prices and expenses in relation to such calendar year. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 29 



9.13 
Any Person constituting the Concessionaire, excluding abc or a “Permitted 
Assignee”, shall pay all costs properly incurred under this EPCC in relation to 
the State Participation Interest (herein referred to as “Carry”) subject to the 
following conditions: 
a) 
In the event of a third party other than an entity holding a State 
Participating Interest or a Permitted Assignee that has acquired a 
Participating Interest in the EPCC from any Person constituting the 
Concessionaire, such third party shall be obliged to take over a 
proportionate share of the Carry. 

b) 
A State Participating Interest totally or partially transferred to a non- 
Permitted Assignee may only become effective provided all 
outstanding amounts relating to the transferred interest and not yet 
reimbursed to the Concessionaire subject to Carry have been paid by 
the non-Permitted Assignee to Concessionaire proportionally to their 
respective Participating Interests. The share of any future Carry, to be 
paid by each Concessionaire subject to Carry, shall be calculated 
according to the new composition of the Concessionaire subject to 
Carry. 

c) 
The Carry shall be limited to all costs incurred by the Concessionaire 
in discharging its obligations under this EPCC, up to and including the 
date upon which the first Development Plan has been approved. 

d) 
The Carry shall be used exclusively to pay for costs properly incurred 
under this EPCC in relation to the State Participating Interest. Save for 
in respect of a transfer to a Permitted Assignee, ENH may not assign 
directly or indirectly the benefits derived under the Carry. Any transfer 
of a Participating Interest subject to the Carry requires the prior written 
approval of MIREM. The term “Permitted Assignee” means for the 
purpose of this Article the Government or a Mozambican Person 
wholly owned and controlled by the Government. 

e) 
From the date of commencement of Commercial Production, abc and 
any entity designated by the Government to manage the State 
Participation Interest portion shall reimburse in full the Carry in cash or 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 30 



in kind to the Persons (other than abc or a Permitted Assignee) 
constituting the Concessionaire. Such reimbursement shall be 
calculated as and taken from the Cost Petroleum of said Person 
having benefited from the Carry. All Carry amounts owed up to 
approval of the first Development Plan shall be subject to payment of 
interest in United States dollars, compounded quarterly, calculated at 
the LIBOR rate (as defined in and determined in accordance with 
Article 28.7) plus one (1) percentage point, from the date such costs 
are incurred by the Persons (other than abc or a Permitted Assignee) 
constituting a Concessionaire until reimbursed in full. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 31 



Article 10 
Valuation of Petroleum 

10.1 
The value of Petroleum referred to in Articles 9 and 11 shall, to the 
extent such Petroleum consists of Crude Oil, be determined at the end 
of each calendar month commencing with the calendar month in which 
Commercial Production of Crude Oil begins. To the extent that such 
Petroleum consists of Natural Gas, the value of Natural Gas shall be 
determined at the end of each calendar month commencing with the 
calendar month in which commercial delivery at the Delivery Point 
begins. 
10.2 
A value for each separate export grade of Crude Oil will be : 
(a) in the case of sales to non-Affiliated Companies, the weighted 
average price per barrel at the Delivery Point of each separate 
export grade of Crude Oil being the FOB ( as such term is defined 
in Incoterms 2000) price, at which such Crude Oil has been sold 
by the Concessionaire during that calendar month; or 
(b) If the Concessionaire sells the Crude Oil to a third party on terms 
different from FOB (as such term is defined in Incoterms 200), 
then for the purpose of this EPCC, a calculated net-back FOB 
price shall be applied. The net-back FOB price shall be 
established by deducting from the agreed price the actual and 
direct costs incurred by the Concessionaire in fulfilling the 
obligations under their sales contract in addition to those 
obligations included under a FOB contract. 
(c) in the case of sales to Affiliated Companies, such price as agreed 
between MIREM and the Concessionaire on the basis of adding 
the following two factors together: 
(i) 
the weighted average calendar month FOB price for 
Brent rated Crude Oil, or such other appropriate 
marker Crude Oil for the production in question for the 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 32 



period in question. The weighted average will be 
based on the days in each calendar month when a 
closing price is reported in Platts Oilgram price report. 
Days such as weekends and holidays with no price 
reports will be ignored; 

(ii) 
a premium or discount to the price of the Brent rated 
Crude Oil, or such other appropriate marker Crude Oil 
for the production in question to be determined by 
reference to the quality of the Crude Oil Produced from 
the EPCC Area and the cost of moving such Crude Oil 
to the market. 
10.3 
In any case in which MIREM and the Concessionaire are unable to agree a 
price under Article 10.2 (c), in order to determine the premium or discount 
referred to therein the following procedures shall be undertaken: 
(a) 
MIREM and the Concessionaire shall submit to each other their 
assessments of the premium or discount together with an explanation 
of the key factors taken into consideration in assessing the premium 
or discount; 
(b) 
if the premium or discount submitted by each of MIREM and the 
Concessionaire are within ten United States cents (10 US ¢) per barrel 
of each other the average will be taken for the purposes of setting the 
final value of the Crude Oil; 
(c) 
if the premium or discount submitted by each of MIREM and the 
Concessionaire differ by more than ten United States cents (10 US ¢) 
per barrel each will resubmit a revised premium or discount to the 
other on the third (3rd) business day after the first exchange of 
information; 
(d) 
if the premium or discount submitted by each of MIREM and the 
Concessionaire on the second exchange of information are within ten 
United States cents (10 US ¢) per barrel of each other the average will 
be taken for the purposes of setting the final value of Crude Oil; 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 33 



(e) 
if the premium or discount submitted on the second exchange of 
information differ by more than ten United States cents (10 US ¢) per 
barrel the matter shall, in accordance with Article 30.6, be referred for 
determination by a sole expert who shall establish a price based on 
the criteria set out in Article 10.2(c) but always within the range 
established by the Parties under Article 10.3(d). 
10.4 
The value calculated for Natural Gas Produced from reservoirs within the 
EPCC Area shall be: 
(a) 
in the case of sales to non-Affiliated Companies, the weighted 
average price per Gigajoule of commercial specification Natural Gas 
at the Delivery Point at which such Natural Gas has been delivered by 
the Concessionaire during that calendar month, shall be the weighted 
average price per Gigajoule of all other commercial specification 
Natural Gas delivered during the same calendar month from 
reservoirs subject to the jurisdiction of the Republic of Mozambique 
and the weighted average of posted or publicly available prices for 
alternative fuels to Natural Gas for large scale industrial consumers 
including power generators in the market where such has been 
delivered to ultimate customers. 
(b) 
in the case of sales to Affiliated Companies, such price as stipulated in 
sub-paragraph (a) above for sales to non-Affiliated Companies or such 
price agreed between MIREM and the Concessionaire. 
10.5. 
In the event that the Government enters into a commercial Gas and/or Crude 
Oil Sales Agreement with the Concessionaire for the purchase by the 
Government of Crude Oil and/or Natural Gas from the Concessionaire, such 
sales shall be at a price no higher than the price of Crude Oil and/or Natural 
Gas sold to Affiliated Companies from the EPCC Area as determined in terms 
of this Article 10. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 34 



Article 11 
Fiscal Terms and Other Charges 


11.1 
The Concessionaire and its Subcontractors shall, save to the extent they are 
exempt therefrom, be subject to all applicable legislation of the Republic of 
Mozambique which impose taxes, duties, levies, charges, fees or 
contributions, except to the extent that it is exempt there from. 
11.2 
During the five (5) years from the approval of the first Development Plan 
related to this EPCC, the Concessionaire and its Subcontractors are entitled 
to the rights of Tax and Customs Incentives in terms of Law No. 3/2001, of 21 
February as defined in the Law No. 13/2007, of 27 June, regulating fiscal 
incentives for petroleum activities. The Concessionaire and its Subcontractors 
shall be exempt from the following taxes, duties, imposts, and other charges: 
(a) 
Customs duties with regard to the importation of goods destined to be 
used in Petroleum Operations, classified as class “K” in the costums 
tariff in accordance with article 7 paragraph a) of the Law No. 
13/2007, of 27 June; 
(b) 
Customs duties with regard to importation of explosives, detonators, 
rakes and similar machines and devices to blow explosives, as well 
as equipment and devices for topographical, geodesic and geological 
recognition on shore and offshore to be used for Petroleum 
Operations in accordance with article 7 paragraph b) of the Law No. 
13/2007, of 27 June; 
(c) 
Duties and custom and fiscal charges on goods temporarely imported 
to be used in Petroleum Operations in accordance with applicable 
fiscal regulation (Pauta Aduaneira), approved by the Decree No. 
39/2002, of 26 December; and 
(d) 
The imports and exports referred to in the preceding paragraphs shall 
also benefit during the same period an exemption from the Value 
Added Tax (VAT) and as provided in the Law No. 32/2007, of 31 
December in accordance with article 7 clause 2 of the Law No. 
13/2007, of 27 June. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 35 



11.3 
The Expatriate Personnel of the Concessionaire and its Subcontractors shall 
be exempt under this EPCC from costums duties and other levies payable on 
the importation of personal and household effects of Expatriate Personnel 
and their dependants imported into the Republic of Mozambique on first 
arrival, provided that those customs duties shall become payable on such 
items upon their sale in the Republic of Mozambique to a person who is not 
exempt from such duties. The Expatriate Personnel shall have the right to 
export from the Republic of Mozambique free of any customs duties and 
levies the aforesaid personal and household effects imported by them, within 
the conditions stipulated in the customs tariff approved by Decree No. 
39/2002, of 26 December. 
11.4 
For the purpose of this EPCC, the listed imposts (“Listed Imposts”) are: 
(a) 
The Corporate Income Tax (IRPC) which shall be levied in 
accordance with Law No. 34/2007, of 31 December, as the same may 
be amended from time to time but always subject to Articles 11.9 and 
9.12, and shall be payable by the Concessionaire or, where the 
Concessionaire is more than one Person, payable by each of the 
Persons constituting the Concessionaire who shall be separately 
assessed and charged. The following provisions shall apply to IRPC 
levied in respect of income derived from Petroleum Operations 
hereunder: 
(i) 
In determining the net income of the Concessionaire for the purposes 
of calculating IRPC in any fiscal year, or if the Concessionaire is more 
than one Person, the net income of any Person constituting the 
Concessionaire, depreciation shall be applied as follows: 
(aa) Depreciation shall be deducted at the rates indicated below, 
beginning in the year in which the expenditure is incurred or 
Commercial Production commences, whichever year is the later: 

-in respect of expenditure on Exploration Operations, including 
the drilling of Exploration and Appraisal Wells, at one 
hundred percent (100%); 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 36 



- 
in respect of capital expenditure on Development and 
Production Operations at the annual rate of twenty five 
percent (25%) of such expenditure on a linear depreciation 
basis; 
- 
in respect of operating expenditure, at one hundred percent 
(100%). 
(bb) 
The Concessionaire, or if the Concessionaire is more than one 
Person, any Person constituting the Concessionaire, may in any 
year elect to defer depreciation wholly or partly. In exercising the 
election to defer, the Concessionaire, or if the Concessionaire is 
more than one Person, any Person constituting the 
Concessionaire, shall notify the competent entity in the Ministry 
of Finance not later than end of February after the end of the 
year in question, of its intention to defer depreciation. In such 
notice, the Concessionaire, or if the Concessionaire is more than 
one Person, any Person constituting the Concessionaire, shall 
specify: 

- 
the rate at which it intends to depreciate expenditure on 
Exploration Operations or operating expenditures 
during the year in question, such rate not being in 
excess of one hundred percent (100%); and 
- 
the rate at which it intends to depreciate capital 
expenditure on Development and Production 
Operations during the year in question, such rate not 
being in excess of twenty five percent (25%). 
The rate notified by the Concessionaire or, if the Concessionaire is 
more than one Person, any Person constituting the Concessionaire 
shall only apply to the year specified in the notice. Depreciation in 
future years shall be made at the rate set in Article 11.4 (a)(i)(aa) 
unless a further written notice under this article is submitted. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 37 



(ii) 
Deferred depreciation, being the difference between the allowed rate and 
the rate notified by the Concessionaire, or if the Concessionaire is more 
than one Person, any Person constituting the Concessionaire, as the rate 
it intends to use during the year in question, may be taken as a deduction 
against net income in any future year. The Concessionaire, or if the 
Concessionaire is more than one Person, any Person constituting the 
Concessionaire, shall notify the competent entity in the Ministry of Finance 
in writing not later than the end of February after the end of the year in 
question of its intent to take such deferred depreciation during such year; 
(iii) 
For the purpose of calculating liability for IRPC, a loss incurred by te 
Concessionaire in any year may be carried forward for up to five (5) years 
after the year in which such loss is incurred. 
(iv) 
In order to determine IRPC taxable base, the competent authority in the 
Ministry of Finance can proceed with correction in accordance with IRPC 
Code and Law n.º 15/2002, of 26 June, when the prices of transfer and 
subcapitalization resulting from especial relations between affilated 
companies that differ from those with independents. 
(b) 
Customs Duties and other levies and taxes not otherwise exempted under 
this Article 11; 
(c) 
Levies, charges, fees or contributions which are non discriminatory and are 
levied in return for the provision of specific identifiable services or goods by 
the Republic of Mozambique or use of facilities owned by the Republic of 
Mozambique or any state company, such as without limitation, water, 
electricity, port usage and similar services or goods; 
11.5 
(a) In accordance with the applicable petroleum legislation, the 
Concessionaire shall deliver to the Government in kind as Petroleum 
Production Tax: 
(i) 
in respect of Natural Gas produced from deposits in the EPCC 
Area, a quantity of six percent (6%); 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 38 



(ii) 
in respect of Crude Oil produced from deposits in the EPCC 
Area, a quantity of ten percent (10%) ; 
(b) 
The Concessionaire shall, pursuant to applicable legislation deliver to 
the competent entity in the Ministry of Finance and MIREM, not later 
than the 20th (twentieth) day of each calendar month and with respect 
to the previous month, a statement of: 
(i) 
the quantity of Crude Oil and the quantity of Natural Gas 
produced in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
the quantities of Crude Oil and the quantities of Natural Gas 
sold in that calendar month; 
(iii) 
the quantities of Crude Oil held in storage at the beginning and 
the end of the calendar month; 
(iv) 
the quantity of Crude Oil and the quantity of Natural Gas 
inevitably lost; 
(v) 
the quantity of Crude Oil and the quantity of Natural Gas 
flared, escaped, re-injected or used in Petroleum Operations; 
(vi) 
the quantity of Crude Oil and the quantity of Natural Gas on 
which Petroleum Production Tax is due; 
(vii) 
the quantity of Petroleum Production Tax deliverable for that 
calendar month and the particulars of the calculation thereof; 
and 
(viii) 
any other information relevant for the calculation of Petroleum 
Production Tax for Crude Oil and for Natural Gas. 
(c) 
The Government may, in lieu of the Petroleum Production Tax deliverable in 
cash referred to in this Article 11.5, by one hundred and eighty (180) days 
notice require the Concessionaire to pay to the Government each month fully 
or partly in kind in accordance with applicable law the relevant percentage of 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 39 



the value, ascertained in accordance with the provisions of Article 11, of the 
Crude Oil and the Natural Gas which has been produced from the EPCC 
Area in that month. 
(d) The Petroleum Production Tax for a given calendar month in respect of Crude 
Oil and in respect of Natural Gas and the respective payments in cash are 
deliverable or payable before the end of the following calendar month. 
(e) Payment in kind of the percentage specified in the relevant notice given under 
Article 11.5(c) shall continue until the Government delivers a further written 
notice as provided in Article 11.5(c) providing revised instructions to the 
Concessionaire. 
11.6 The Government warrants that in respect of Petroleum Operations or income 
derived from Petroleum Operations, on the Effective Date there were no 
taxes, duties, levies, charges, fees or contributions other than the listed 
imposts and the taxes in respect of which the Concessionaire and its 
Subcontractors are exempt under Articles 11.2 and 11.3. 
11.7 In the exercise of its rights and benefits regarding the exemption from 
customs duties on import and export stipulated under this Article, the 
Concessionaire shall comply with the applicable procedures and formalities 
duly imposed by applicable law. 
11.8 Nothing in the provisions set out in this Article 11 shall be read or construed 
as imposing any limitation or constraint on the scope, or due and proper 
enforcement, of Mozambican law of general application which does not 
discriminate, or have the effect of discriminating, against the Concessionaire, 
and provides in the interest of safety, health, welfare or the protection of the 
environment for the regulation of any category of property or activity carried 
on in Mozambique; provided, however, that the Government will at all times 
during the life of the Petroleum Operations ensure in accordance with Article 
28, that measures taken in the interest of safety, health, welfare or the 
protection of the environment are in accordance with standards generally 
accepted from time to time in the international petroleum industry and are not 
unreasonable. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 40 



11.9 
In the event that, after the Effective Date, any other tax is introduced in the 
Republic of Mozambique which is not of the type set out in Article 11 and, as 
a result, there is an adverse effect of a material nature on the economic value 
derived from the Petroleum Operations by the Concessionaire, the Parties 
will, as soon as possible thereafter, meet to agree on changes to this EPCC 
which will ensure that the Concessionaire obtains from the Petroleum 
Operations, following such changes, the same economic benefits as it would 
have obtained if the change in the law had not been effected. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 41 



Article 12 
Production Bonuses 


The Concessionaire shall pay the following production bonuses, which payments 
shall not be a recoverable cost for the purposes of Annex “C” of this EPCC: 

Production Bonuses 
payable in United 
States dollars 
At the Commencement of Initial Commercial 
Production 
..... United States dollars 
(USD ....) 
When production from the EPCC Area first 
reaches twenty five thousand (25,000) BOE per 
day average for a month 
.... United States dollars 
(USD ...) 
When production from the EPCC Area first 
reaches each further tranche of fifty thousand 
(25,000) BOE per day average for a month 
..... United States dollars 
(USD ....) 

For the purpose of this: 

 (i) 
“Commencement of Initial Commercial Production” means the date on 
which Commercial Production has been sustained for a period of thirty 
(30) consecutive days from the EPCC Area; and 
(ii) 
“BOE” means the equivalent number of Barrels of Crude Oil resulting 
when Natural Gas is converted to Crude Oil on the basis of one (1) 
Barrel of Crude Oil for each six thousand (6,000) standard cubic feet 
of Natural Gas. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 42 



Article 13 
Lifting Arrangements 


13.1 
(a) The Concessionaire shall subject to provisions regulating the 
production and sale of Petroleum be entitled to lift, dispose and 
export freely its entitlement to Petroleum Produced under this EPCC. 
(b) 
Each Party shall take its entitlement to Petroleum consistent with 
Good Oilfield Practices at an approximately regular rate throughout 
each calendar year. 
(c) 
Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the date scheduled for the 
commencement of Commercial Production, the Parties shall establish 
offtake procedures covering the scheduling, storage and lifting of 
Petroleum and such other matters as the Parties shall agree. Such 
procedures shall be consistent with Good Oilfield Practices. 
13.2 Notwithstanding Article 9.2 or instructions given in accordance with Article 
9.2, the Government may by six (6) months notice given to the Concessionaire or 
Operator, require the Concessionaire or Operator to sell on behalf of the Government 
during the succeeding calendar year(s) unless otherwise instructed the whole or any 
portion of the volume of Petroleum Production Tax taken in kind, and when 
applicable, Profit Petroleum not previously committed to which the Government is 
entitled pursuant to this EPCC during said succeeding calendar year(s). The quantity 
of such Petroleum Production Tax taken in kind and Profit Petroleum, which the 
Government desires to sell shall be specified in said notice. The Concessionaire or 
Operator shall sell that quantity of Petroleum on the open market at the best price 
reasonably obtainable and remit the proceeds of the sale directly and forthwith to the 
Government. The Concessionaire or Operator shall not charge the Government for 
any fees incurred for selling Petroleum of the Government. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 43 



Article 14 
Conservation of Petroleum and Prevention of Loss 


14.1 
The Concessionaire shall, before carrying out any drilling, prepare and submit for 
review by MIREM a well programme including a contingency plan designed to 
achieve rapid and effective emergency response in the event of a blow-out or fire, 
escape, waste or loss of Petroleum or damage to Petroleum bearing strata. 
14.2 
In the event of a blow-out or fire, escape, waste or loss of Petroleum or damage 
to Petroleum bearing strata, the Concessionaire shall notify MIREM within twenty 
four (24) hours of becoming aware of such occurrence and promptly implement 
the relevant contingency plan and as soon as practicable thereafter submit a full 
report thereon to MIREM. 
14.3 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Concessionaire under Article 29, in the 
case of relinquishment or surrender by the Concessionaire or termination of the 
rights of the Concessionaire pursuant to this EPCC, the Concessionaire shall 
within ninety (90) days from the date of such relinquishment, surrender or 
termination, in respect of the whole of the EPCC Area or, as the case may be, 
any part of the EPCC Area which has been relinquished or surrendered: 
a) 
plug or close off, in a manner consistent with Good Oilfield Practices, all 
wells drilled as part of the Petroleum Operations unless otherwise agreed 
between MIREM and the Concessionaire. 

(b) 
take all necessary actions , in accordance with Good Oilfield Practices, to 
prevent hazards to human life or to the property of others or the 
environment resulting from conditions in the EPCC Area or, as the case 
may be, any part thereof caused by Petroleum Operations, being 
conditions which were or ought with reasonable diligence to have been 
evident at the time of relinquishment, surrender or termination. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 44 



Article 15 
Decommissioning 


15.1 
If in the reasonable expectation of the Concessionaire, the Concessionaire will 
cease to produce Petroleum under this EPCC from the EPCC Area, the EPCC 
expires, is cancelled or surrendered pursuant to the proceedure stipulated in this 
EPCC and applicable law the Concessionaire shall submit to MIREM for approval 
a Decommissioning Plan. The Decommissioning Plan shall be prepared in 
accordance with applicable law and shall include, but not be limited to: 
(a) 
particulars, separately set out in respect of each Development and 
Production Area, of measures to be taken, to effect decommissioning 
including but not limited to: 
(i) 
decommissioning of equipment and installations for each 
Development and Production Area; 
(ii) 
timely removal of equipment and installations not required for 
ongoing Petroleum Operations in any other Development and 
Production Area; and 
(iii) 
any other steps that may reasonably be required in order to 
prevent hazard to human life, or to the property of others or to the 
environment. 
(b) 
estimates of the time required to complete operations under the plan; 
(c) 
a budget for operations under the plan, including particulars of the costs of 
decommissioning equipment and installations; 
(d) 
a schedule of the work programme with related costs to be drawn from the 
Decommissioning Fund in order to meet the costs of implementing the 
plan; and 
(e) 
such environmental, engineering and feasibility studies as may be 
necessary to support the proposed plan. 
15.2 
The Decommissioning Plan shall be prepared in compliance with applicable law 
and the provisions of Article 28 and shall ensure that decommissioning is 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 45 



conducted in a manner which will give effect to standards generally recognised as 
applicable in the international petroleum industry and the Concessionaire’s 
standards for decommissioning. 

15.3 
In the event that the Concessionaire does not submit a Decommissioning Plan to 
MIREM within the time allowed MIREM may serve upon the Concessionaire a 
notice requiring the Concessionaire to submit to MIREM, within a period of ninety 
(90) days from date on which the notice was served, a Decommissioning Plan. If 
within that period no Decommissioning Plan is submitted, MIREM may 
commission consultants of international standing to prepare a Decommissioning 
Plan. 
15.4 
A Decommissioning Plan prepared by a consultant in accordance with applicable 
law and this Article shall be implemented by the Concessionaire in accordance 
with its terms as though it were an obligation of the Concessionaire set forth in 
Article 28. The cost of commissioning engineering consultants to prepare a 
consultant’s plan shall be payable by the Concessionaire to the Government. 
15.5 
In the event that the Concessionaire considers that production from a 
Development and Production Area will cease before a Decommissioning Plan 
has been prepared, decommissioning measures for that Development and 
Production Area will be prepared by the Concessionaire in accordance with the 
requirement for decommissioning set out in this Article, and where those 
measures have been approved by MIREM will take effect as an amendment to 
the Development Plan for that Development and Production Area. 
15.6 
Not later than at the commencement of Petroleum production from reserves 
within the EPCC Area, the Concessionaire shall establish in a bank of its choice 
an interest bearing United States dollar account or such other currency account 
to be mutually agreed by the Parties to be denominated as the Decommissioning 
Fund into which the Concessionaire shall set aside from time to time funds to be 
able to cover the decommissioning costs calculated in accordance with this 
EPCC to meet the estimated costs of implementing an approved 
Decommissioning Plan. At the time of establishment of the account for the 
Decommissioning Fund the Concessionaire shall deposit US dollars...... (USD ....) 
or equivalent if an alternative currency is agreed. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 46 



15.7 
The calculation of the amounts to be set aside for estimated future 
Decommissioning costs into the Decommissioning Fund shall be governed as 
follows: 
a) 
The estimates of: (i) the recoverable reserves and the projected production 
schedule, and (ii) total decommissioning costs for the Concessionaire’s proposed 
decommissioning solution as well as reasonable alternative decommissioning 
solutions shall be submitted for MIREM approval. MIREM shall based on the 
proposals from the Concessionaire select a preliminary decommissioning solution 
to form the basis for the calculation of decommissioning costs to be covered by a 
Decommissioning Fund created for the purpose of covering such 
decommissioning costs. Adequate provisions for successive revisions of such 
estimates shall when required herein, required by applicable law or deemed 
necessary by the Concessionaire due to substantial changes in fact, also be 
included in any updated Decommissioning Plan. 

b) 
In the event in any calendar year in which the Concessionaire did not submit to 
the MIREM a revised Decommissioning Plan or the total estimated 
decommissioning cost, Concessionaire shall update the value of the latest total 
estimated decommissioning cost preliminary approved by MIREM in order to 
account for the escalation of such approved estimated decommissioning costs in 
the period between the calendar year in which such costs were estimated and the 
then current calendar year. For this purpose, and for each calendar year, the 
applicable annual United States dollar escalation index shall be based on the 
“Producers Price Index for the Drilling of Oil and Gas Wells” as , published by the 
United States Bureau of Labour Statistics. The annual index to be used in year 
“n” shall be determined by difference between the annual index relating to the 
year in which the latest approved estimate is determined and the same annual 
index relating such year “n”. In the event the above United States Bureau of 
Labour Statistics ceases, for any reason whatsoever, to publish the Producers 
Price Index for the Drilling of Oil and Gas Wells or when an alternative currency is 
selected, Parties shall determine either an alternative independent internationally 
recognised source, or an alternative representative index. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 47 



15.8 
The Concessionaire will not withdraw money from the Decommissioning Fund 
save for the purpose of meeting the costs of implementing an approved 
Decommissioning Plan and all statements relating to the Decommissioning Fund 
provided by the bank from time to time shall be copied to MIREM. 
15.9 
Payments into the Decommissioning Fund shall be cost recoverable in 
accordance with provisions applicable to this EPCC. 
15.10 
Costs incurred by the Concessionaire to implement an approved 
Decommissioning Plan shall be cost recoverable in accordance with provisions in 
that regard set out in Article 9 and for the purpose of IRPC shall be treated as an 
operating expense save where, in either case, such costs have been funded by 
withdrawals from the Decommissioning Fund. 
15.11 
Any funds which have been cost recovered remaining in the Decommissioning 
Fund after the approved Decommissioning Plan has been completed shall be 
treated as Profit Petroleum and the remaining balance shall be shared in 
accordance with the provision of Article 9.10. 
15.12 
In the event that at the time of implementing the Decommissioning Plan there are 
insufficient funds available in the Decommissioning Fund to fund the operations 
of that plan, the shortfall shall be met in full by the Concessionaire. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 48 



Article 16 
Insurance 


16.1 
The Concessionaire shall effect and maintain, in respect of Petroleum 
Operations, unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, all insurance required 
by applicable Mozambican law and, in the event that the insurance is procured 
from a jurisdiction other than the Republic of Mozambique, the applicable law of 
such other jurisdiction and such other insurance as MIREM and the 
Concessionaire may agree from time to time. Such insurance shall at least 
include insurance against the following risks: 
(a) 
loss or damage to all Installations and equipment which are owned or 
used by the Concessionaire in the Petroleum Operations; 
(b) 
pollution caused in the course of the Petroleum Operations by the 
Concessionaire for which the Concessionaire may be held responsible; 
(c) 
property loss or damage or bodily injury suffered by any third party in the 
course of the Petroleum Operations by the Concessionaire for which the 
Concessionaire may be liable to indemnify the Government; 
(d) 
the cost of removing wrecks and cleaning up operations following an 
accident in the course of the Petroleum Operations by the 
Concessionaire; and 
(e) 
the Concessionaire’s and/or the Operator’s liability for its employees 
engaged in the Petroleum Operations. 
16.2 
In relation to Development and Production Operations, the Concessionaire shall 
submit to MIREM a programme for the provision of an “All Risks” insurance 
which may, inter alia, cover physical damage to the facilities under construction 
and installation as well as legal liabilities arising out of the Development and 
Production Operations. 
16.3 
Any insurance required to be effected by the Concessionaire pursuant to the 
provision of Articles 16.1 and 16.2 may, at the Concessionaire’s discretion and 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 49 



subject to the approval of MIREM, be provided by one or more of the following 
options: 

(a) 
non-insurance wherein the Concessionaire itself carries the risks and no 
premia are charged; provided, however, that in the case of any losses or 
damages resulting from a risk where the Concessionaire has elected to 
non-insure, such losses or damages shall not be considered as 
Recoverable Costs for the purpose of Annex “C”of this EPCC; 
(b) 
insurance through an insurance company wholly owned by the Operator 
or the Concessionaire in which case the premia charged shall be at 
prevailing international insurance market rates; 
(c) 
the Concessionaire utilising for the benefit of Petroleum Operations 
insurance which is placed as part of a global coverage in which case the 
premia charged shall be at the rates obtained for such global coverage; or 
(d) 
subject to Article 19, insurance through the international insurance 
markets at prevailing rates, provided that: 
(i) 
an insurance company wholly owned by the Operator or a Person 
constituting the Concessionaire may participate in any 
internationally placed insurance or reinsurance; and 
(ii) 
the Concessionaire shall have the option to tender and effect all 
appropriate reinsurance for any insurance placed through 
insurance companies registered in the Republic of Mozambique. 
16.4 
Unless otherwise approved by MIREM, the Concessionaire shall competitively 
tender all renewable insurances placed into the international markets at least 
once every three (3) years. 
16.5 
The Concessionaire shall require its Subcontractors to carry equivalent insurance 
of the type and in such amount as is required by applicable law and is customary 
in the international petroleum industry in accordance with Good Oilfield Practices. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 50 



Article 17 
Natural Gas 


17.1 
The Concessionaire shall have the right to use Natural Gas extracted from 
reservoirs within the EPCC Area for the Petroleum Operations in the EPCC Area 
including but not limited to power generation, pressure maintenance and 
recycling operations. 
17.2 
The terms and conditions relating to the use and production of Associated 
Natural Gas shall be as follows: 
(a) 
In the event the Concessionaire elects to process and sell Associated 
Natural Gas, the Concessionaire shall notify MIREM and, for the purposes 
of cost recovery and entitlement of production, such Natural Gas shall be 
treated by the Parties in the same way as other Natural Gas. 
(b) 
In the event the Concessionaire elects not to process and sell Associated 
Natural Gas not used for purposes stipulated in Article 17.1 or paragraph 
(c) below, the Government may offtake without any payment to the 
Concessionaire but at the Government’s sole risk and cost, such Natural 
Gas at the gas/oil separator; provided that such offtake does not seriously 
disrupt or delay the conduct of the Petroleum Operations. 
(c) 
The Concessionaire may re-inject any Associated Natural Gas which is 
not taken by Government pursuant to paragraph (b) above, used for 
Petroleum Operations or processed and sold by the Concessionaire, or 
taken by Government in accordance with paragraph b) above, and the 
costs of such disposal Gas shall be recoverable to the extent that such reinjection 
is included in the Development Plan. 
17.3 
The terms and conditions relating to the Appraisal Program and the commercial 
assessment of the production and sale of non-Associated Natural Gas shall be as 
follows: 
(a) 
On completion of an Appraisal Programme relating to a Discovery of non- 
Associated Natural Gas made by the Concessionaire and the submission 
of an appraisal report thereon the “Commercial Assessment Period” shall, 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 51 



if the Concessionaire so requests, commence and shall continue in 
respect of any Discovery Area for a period of .... (....) years, exercisable at 
the sole option of the Concessionaire. An extension may be granted upon 
application by the Concessionaire to the Government, for a second period 
of up to ....(.....) years. An appraisal report submitted under this Article 
shall include the estimated recoverable reserves, projects delivery rate 
and pressure, quality specifications and other technical and economic 
factors relevant to the determination of a market for available Natural Gas. 
The Concessionaire may, at any time during the Commercial Assessment 
Period, inform MIREM by notice that the Petroleum Reservoir located in 
any Discovery of non-Associated Natural Gas made by the 
Concessionaire in respect of which an appraisal report has been 
submitted, is commercial. 

(b) 
If the Concessionaire does not request a Commercial Assessment Period 
pursuant to paragraph (a) above within ninety (90) days from the date on 
which the appraisal report was submitted, the Concessionaire shall inform 
MIREM by notice whether any Discovery of non-Associated Natural Gas 
made by the Concessionaire in respect of which an appraisal report has 
been submitted, is commercial. 
Where the Concessionaire pursuant to this Article 17.3 gives notice that any 
Discovery of non-Associated Natural Gas made by the Concessionaire is 
commercial, that notice shall, for the purpose of this EPCC, be a notice of 
Commercial Discovery. 

17.4 
The Commercial Assessment Period shall end on the first to occur of: 
(a) 
the date following that on which Concessionaire gives a notice of 
Commercial Discovery under Article 17.3; 
(b) 
the date that the Concessionaire voluntarily surrenders the Discovery 
Area to which the Commercial Assessment Period relates; or 
(c) 
expiry of the Period to which Concessionaire is entitled to under Article 
17.3. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 52 



17.5 
The Concessionaire shall be deemed to have relinquished all rights to the 
Discovery of non-Associated Natural Gas if it has not given a notice of 
Commercial Discovery under Article 17.3 by the end of the Commercial 
Assessment Period or earlier relinquishment of that portion of the EPCC Area. 
17.6 
The Concessionaire shall be responsible for investigating market opportunities 
and seek to develop a market for non-Associated Natural Gas produced from any 
Development and Production Area and shall sell such non-Associated Natural 
Gas on a joint dedicated basis on terms common to all the parties constituting the 
Concessionaire. Every contract for the sale of such non-Associated Natural Gas 
made by the Concessionaire under this Article shall be subject to approval by 
MIREM. In applying for such approval the Concessionaire shall demonstrate to 
MIREM that the prices and other terms of sale of such Natural Gas represents 
the market value obtainable for such Natural Gas taking into consideration a fair 
market cost for transporting such Natural Gas from the Delivery Point to the 
purchaser and having regard to the alternative uses and markets that can be 
developed for such Natural Gas. 
17.7 
With its application for approval of any gas sales contract, pursuant to Article 
17.6, the Concessionaire may apply in respect of any Development and 
Production Area from which non-Associated Natural Gas will be produced for sale 
under that gas sales contract, for an extension of the Development and 
Production Period and where such extension is necessary to facilitate the sale of 
gas under any such gas sales contract MIREM will grant the necessary 
extension. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 53 



Article 18 
Employment and Training 


18.1 
Subject to the Government’s security review of any individual entering 
Mozambique and the procedures and formalities of the law relating to immigration 
the Government shall provide the necessary permits or other approvals required 
for the employment and admission into the Republic of Mozambique of Expatriate 
Personnel employed by the Concessionaire or its Subcontractors for the purpose 
of this EPCC. 
18.2 
In the conduct of the Petroleum Operations, the Concessionaire shall endeavour 
to utilise citizens of the Republic of Mozambique having appropriate qualifications 
to the maximum extent possible at all levels of its organisation, as Sub- 
Contractors or employed by Sub-Contractors. In this connection, the 
Concessionaire shall, in consultation with MIREM, propose and carry out an 
effective training and employment programme for its Mozambican employees in 
each phase and level of operations, taking account of the requirements of safety 
and the need to maintain reasonable standards of efficiency in the conduct of the 
Petroleum Operations. Such employees may be trained in the Republic of 
Mozambique or abroad as required by the training programmes prepared by the 
Concessionaire. 
18.3 
The Concessionaire shall co-operate with MIREM in giving a mutually agreed 
number of Government employees the opportunity to participate in training 
activities provided by the Concessionaire or any of its Affiliated Companies for 
their employees, specifically for Government employees. 
18.4 
In order for MIREM to monitor the fulfilment of the employment and training 
obligations contained in this Article, the Concessionaire shall annually submit its 
recruitment and training programmes to MIREM. 
18.5 
The Concessionaire shall pay ..... United States dollars (USD ....) to the 
Government. This amount which payment may be used as institutional support to 
the Government entities involved in promotion and administration of Petroleum 
Operations. Such payment shall be made within thirty (30) days from the Effective 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 54 



Date to such Government entities in accordance with the instruction provided by 
the representative of the Government designated in this EPCC. 

18.6 
(a) During the Exploration Period, the Concessionaire shall pay to the 
Government .... United States dollars (USD ....) per year, to be spent on 
training support programmes within the Government. The first payment 
shall be made on the first anniversary of the Effective Date of this EPCC 
and subsequent payment shall be made on the subsequent anniversaries 
thereof. 
b) 
The Concessionaire shall pay to the Government ..... United States dollars 
(USD ....) per year during the Exploration Period of this EPCC, for social 
support projects for the citizens of the Republic of Mozambique in areas 
where Petroleum Operations take place. The first payment shall be made 
on the first anniversary of the Effective Date of this EPCC and each 
subsequent payment shall be made on the subsequent anniversaries 
thereof. 

18.7 
The Concessionaire shall include as part of the Development Plan proposals for 
the activities required to satisfy the obligations contained in Article 18.3 during the 
Development and Production Period. 
18.8 
The sums expended by the Concessionaire to satisfy the obligations contained in 
this Article shall be recoverable costs for the purpose of Annex “C”of this EPCC. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 55 



Article 19 
Indemnification and Liability 


19.1 
The Concessionaire shall indemnify and hold the Government harmless from 
and against any and all claims instituted against the Government by third 
parties in respect of injury, loss or damage caused by the Concessionaire in 
the conduct of the Petroleum Operations in which the Concessionaire 
participates, provided that the claims are duly qualified by a third party or the 
Government. In no case shall the Concessionaire's liability under this Article 
shall include punitive damages. 
19.2 
The Government shall indemnify and hold the Concessionaire, its 
Subcontractors and any of its Affiliated Companies harmless from and against 
any and all claims instituted against the Concessionaire, its Subcontractors 
and any of its Affiliated Companies by third parties in respect of injury, loss or 
damage caused by the acts or omissions of the Government in its commercial 
capacity. 
19.3 
Except as provided for in Article 19.8 no Party hereto shall settle or 
compromise any claim for which another Party is responsible hereunder 
without the prior written consent of such other Party, and in the event that it 
does so, the indemnity aforesaid shall not have effect in relation to the claim 
so settled or compromised. 
19.4 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this EPCC, the Concessionaire, 
its Subcontractors and any of its Affiliated Companies carrying out such 
Petroleum Operations on behalf of the Concessionaire shall not be liable to 
the Government and the Government shall not be liable to the 
Concessionaire, for consequential loss or damage including but not limited to 
inability to produce Petroleum, loss of production, loss of profit or punitive 
damages. 
19.5 
Subject to Article 19.4, in carrying out Petroleum Operations under this 
EPCC the Concessionaire shall be liable for any injury, loss or damage 
suffered by the Government and caused by the Concessionaire or by any 
Affiliated Company or Subcontractor carrying out Petroleum Operations on 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 56 



behalf of the Concessionaire if such injury loss or damage is the result of the 
Concessionaire’s, the Affiliated Company’s or the Subcontractor’s failure to 
meet the standards required by this EPCC and the applicable law. 

19.6 
Any claim pursued by any third parties which would entitle any of the Parties 
(together the “Indemnified Party”) of this EPCC to be indemnified by any of 
the other Parties of this EPCC (together the “Indemnifying Party”) shall be 
promptly communicated by notice Indemnifying Party so that the Indemnifying 
Party may promptly intervene in the claim and pursue its defence. Such 
notice shall include a description of the third Party claim and shall be 
accompanied by copies of all relevant papers received by the Indemnified 
Party and its cousel with respect to such third party claim.The Indemnified 
Party sahll cooperate with the Indemnifying Party and its counsel in 
contesting such third party claim. If the Indemnifying Party fails promptly to 
communicate by notice as provided above and thereby causes the 
Indemnifying Party not to be able to properly pursue its defence, shall lose its 
rights to the indemnification under this Article. 
19.7 
If within thirty (30) days of receipt of such claim notice, the Indemifying Party 
notifies the Indemnified Party that it elects to assume the defense of such 
claim, then the Indemnifying Party shall have the rights to defend, at its cost 
and expense, such claim by all appropriate proceedings including 
compromise or settlement thereof, so long as any settlement agreement does 
not provide for a result in any continuing liability or obligation on the 
Indemnified Party in respect of such third party claim. 
19.8 
If the Indemnifying Party fails timely to elect to assume the defense of such 
claim, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend at the sole 
cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party the third party claim by all 
appropriate proceedings including any compromise or settlement thereof. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 57 



Article 20 
Title 


20.1 
Title to the Concessionaire’s entitlement of Petroleum Produced under this 
EPCC shall pass to the Concessionaire at the Wellhead. Thereafter the 
Government and the Concessionaire shall own the Petroleum jointly, and in 
undivided shares, until each takes individual title to and delivery of its 
entitlement of Petroleum Produced at the Delivery Point. 
20.2 
The Concessionaire shall finance the cost of all facilities and equipment to be 
used in Petroleum Operations. Subject to applicable law and this Article the 
Concessionaire shall have the right to use such facilities and equipment for 
Petroleum Operations during the term of this EPCC and any extensions 
thereof until the EPCC expires, is surrendered or cancelled, in which case the 
title to said facilities and equipment at the option of the Government and 
without additional compensation may be transferred to the Government. 
20.3 
Concessionaire shall be the owner of facilities and necessary appurtenant 
equipment for the purpose and use in Petroleum Operations under this EPCC 
unless otherwise approved by the Government. The provisions of Article 20.2 
above with respect to the title of property passing to the Government shall not 
apply to equipment approved by the Government as belonging to third 
parties. Moveable facilities and equipment owned by foreign third parties may 
be freely exported from the Republic of Mozambique in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant agreement. 
20.4 
Third parties may subject to terms and conditions stipulated by applicable 
petroleum law have the right to the use available spare capacity of facilities 
and necessary apurtenant equipment on terms and conditions to be agreed 
between the parties and acceptable to the Government. Such terms and 
conditions shall include a tariff that shall represent the payment for the 
Concessionaire’s cost of additional investments required for facilitating such 
third party use as well as operational costs and a profit element reflecting the 
risk taken by the owner of the facilities. The tariff for third party use of facilities 
and appurtenant equipment shall be subject to approval by the Government. 
When the parties can not agree to access or a reasonable tariff for third party 
use, the matter may, be settled by: (a) an independent commission of three 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 58 



(3) members selected in accordance with Articles 30.3(i), 30.5 and 30.6; (b) 
arbitration or (c) the competent judicial authorities. 
20.5 
Third party use of facilities and necessary appurtenant equipment shall only 
take place when such third party use is not materially negatively affecting 
Concessoinaire Petroleum Operations and is feasible from a technical, 
environmental and safety point of view. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 59 



Article 21 
Rights of Inspection 


MIREM shall have the right at its own cost, save for transport and accommodation to 
be provided by the Concessionaire, to post duly appointed representatives on site on 
a permanent basis at metering stations, provided that the number of such appointed 
representatives shall be as many as may be agreed by MIREM and the 
Concessionaire, and the representattives shall not interfere with any Petroleum 
Operations. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 60 



Article 22 
Accounting and Audits 


22.1 The Concessionaire shall be responsible for maintaining accounting records 
of all costs, expenses and credits of the Petroleum Operations in accordance 
with the provisions of Annex “C” of this EPCC. The said accounting records 
shall be kept in the Republic of Mozambique. 
22.2 MIREM shall have the right to audit and inspect the Concessionaire’s 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of Annex “C”. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 61 



Article 23 
Confidentiality 


23.1 
This EPCC, the Documentation and other records, reports analyses, 
compilations, data, studies and other materials (in whatever form maintained, 
whether documentary, computer storage or otherwise) are confidential 
(hereinafter referred to as “Confidential Information”) and except as 
authorised by applicable law or this Article shall not be disclosed to any third 
party without the prior written consent of the Parties hereto, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
23.2 
Nothing in this Article shall prevent the disclosure of Documentation, 
excluding the Concessionaire’s interpretations and assessments, to a third 
party by MIREM: 
(a) 
if it relates to an area which is no longer part of the EPCC Area; or 
(b) 
with the written consent of the Concessionaire, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed if, in the judgment of Government, 
the Documentaion might have significance for the assessment of 
prospectivity in an adjoining area over which Government is offering 
Exploration rights. 
23.3 
Restrictions on disclosure imposed by this Article shall not apply to a 
disclosure made reasonably: 
(a) 
if it is required for the purpose of any arbitration or legal proceedings 
or claim relating to this EPCC or to the Petroleum Operations; 
(b) 
to a Subcontractor, or consultant in connection with the conduct of 
Petroleum Operations; 
(c) 
by the Concessionaire or Operator to a third party where such 
disclosure is essential to the safe conduct of Petroleum Operations; 
(d) 
to an Affiliated Company; 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 62 



(e) 
by the Concessionaire to a third party for the purpose of entering into 
a contract for data exchange with another entity operating in 
Mozambique where all data exchanged relates to Petroleum 
Operations within Mozambique; 
(f) 
by any Person constituting the Concessionaire to a bona fide 
intending assignee of an interest under this EPCC or an interest in any 
Person constituting the Concessionaire; 
(g) 
to a third party in connection with and for the purpose of the sale or 
proposed sale of Petroleum from the EPCC Area; 
(h) 
to a third party in connection with the financing or proposed financing 
of Petroleum Operations; 
(i) 
which is required by any applicable law or by the rules or regulations 
of any recognised stock exchange on which shares of the disclosing 
Party or any of its Affiliated Companies are listed; or 
(j) 
if, and to the extent that, it is already public knowledge without 
improper disclosure hereto. 
Any Confidential Information disclosed pursuant to paragraphs (b), (d), (e), 

(f) or (h) of this Article 23.3 shall be disclosed on terms that ensure that such 
Confidential Information is treated as confidential by the recipient. 
23.4 
None of the Persons constituting the Concessionaire shall be required to 
disclose any of its proprietary technology or that of their Affiliated Companies 
or proprietary technology of a third party licensed to the Persons constituting 
the Concessionaire or the Operator. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 63 



Article 24 
Assignment 


24.1 
Subject to Article 9.13 and this Article the Concessionaire, and where the 
Concessionaire is more than one Person, every Person who constitutes the 
Concessionaire, may assign to another Person its rights and obligations 
hereunder or an undivided proportionate part thereof. The same applies to 
other direct and indirect transfers of interest or participation in the EPCC, 
including, inter alia, assignment of shareholdings or any legal instrument 
which provides or may provide decisive control over a Person constituting the 
Concessionaire or its Participating Interest in this EPCC. Save as provided in 
Article 24.2, an assignment shall require the prior written consent of the 
Minister of Mineral Resources. 
24.2 
No consent shall be required from the Minister of Mineral Resources in case 
of an assignor who is not in material breach of any of the terms and 
conditions hereof in respect of an assignment: 
(a) 
as a result of an Assignment Notice served on a Defaulting Participant 
under this EPCC; or 
(b) 
if required to give effect to the default procedures under a joint 
operating agreement concluded in relation to the Petroleum 
Operations. 
24.3 
Each assignment made pursuant to this Article shall be effected by an 
instrument in writing to be executed by the assignee on terms whereby such 
assignee accepts and agrees to become a Person constituting the 
Concessionaire and to be bound by the terms and conditions of this EPCC 
including all appurtenant documents required by an administrative decision or 
applicable law and free of any transfer charge or fees. 
24.4 
No unitisation pursuant to this EPCC or applicable law or any adjustment to 
the portion of the unitised Discovery allocated to the EPCC Area shall be 
considered to be an assignment under this Article. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 64 



Article 25 
Force Majeure 


25.1 
The non-performance or delay in performance, wholly or in part, by the 
Government or the Concessionaire of any obligation under this EPCC 
excepting an obligation to make payments hereunder, shall be excused if, 
and to the extent that, such non-performance or delay is caused by Force 
Majeure. 
25.2 
For the purpose of this EPCC, the term Force Majeure means any cause or 
event beyond the reasonable control of, and not 
brought about at the instance of, the Party claiming to be affected by such 
event, and which has caused the non-performance or delay in performance. 
Without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, events of Force Majeure 
shall include natural phenomena or calamities including but not limited to, 
epidemics, earthquakes, storms, lightning, floods, fires, blowouts, wars 
declared or undeclared, transboundary hostilities, blockades, civil unrest or 
disturbances, labour disturbances, strikes, quarantine restrictions and 
unlawful acts of Government. 
25.3 
The Party claiming suspension of its obligations under this EPCC on account 
of Force Majeure shall: 
(a) 
promptly notify the other Parties of the occurrence thereof; 
(b) 
take all actions that are reasonable and if necessary, legal actions, to 
remove the cause of Force Majeure but nothing herein shall require 
the Concessionaire, subject to applicable law, to resolve any labour 
dispute except on terms satisfactory to the Concessionaire; and 
(c) 
upon removal or termination thereof, promptly notify the other Parties 
and take all reasonable action for the resumption of the performance 
of its obligations under this EPCC as soon as possible after the 
removal or termination of Force Majeure. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 65 



25.4 
Where under this EPCC the Concessionaire is required or has the right to do 
any act or to carry out any programme within a specified period or the rights 
of the Concessionaire hereunder are to subsist for a specified period, the 
specified period shall be extended so as to take reasonable account of any 
period during which by reason of Force Majeure the Concessionaire has been 
unable to carry out the programme necessary to exercise a right, carry out its 
obligations or enjoy its rights hereunder. 
25.5 
Where a Force Majeure situation continues for more than fifteen (15) 
consecutive days, the Parties shall meet forthwith in order to review the 
situation and to agree on the measures to be taken for the removal of the 
cause of Force Majeure and for the resumption in accordance with the 
provisions of this EPCC of the performance of the obligations hereunder. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 66 



Article 26 
Foreign Exchange Control 


26.1 
The Concessionaire shall at all times comply with the procedures and 
formalities relating to dealings in foreign exchange which may be in force in 
the Republic of Mozambique from time to time and the Government 
undertakes to ensure that those procedures and formalities will not in any way 
diminish the rights accorded to the Concessionaire under clauses 26.2 to 
26.8. 

26.2 
The Concessionaire shall have the right but not the obligation: 
(a) 
to open and keep one or more accounts denominated in Mozambican 
currency with any bank in the Republic of Mozambique authorised by 
Banco de Moçambique for this purpose and to dispose freely of the 
sums deposited therein without restriction. 
Such accounts may be credited only with: 

(i) 
the proceeds of the conversion into Mozambican currency 
pursuant to Article 26.2(c) of United States dollar funds 
deposited in the accounts referred to in Article 26.2(b); 
(ii) 
the unused balance of any sum drawn from such account; and 
(iii) 
amounts received in Mozambican currency in respect of funds 
related to Petroleum Operations including sale of Petroleum or 
of any rental, refund or other credit received by the 
Concessionaire which apply to any charge made to the 
accounts under this EPC. 
(b) 
to open and keep one or more accounts denominated in United States 
dollars, with any bank in the Republic of Mozambique authorised by 
Banco de Moçambique for this purpose, to freely import and deposit 
into such account funds required for the conduct of Petroleum 
Operations and to freely dispose of the sums deposited therein 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 67 



without restriction, provided always that such accounts are credited 
only with sums deposited in United States dollars; 

(c) 
to purchase Mozambican currency from banks in the Republic of 
Mozambique, exchange houses, other financial institutions or 
elsewhere, authorised by Banco de Moçambique for this purpose. 
26.3 
(a) The Concessionaire shall be granted special authorization to open 
and operate accounts outside the Republic of Mozambique subject to 
prior approval of the Banco de Moçambique and according to the 
procedures in force, with any banks that are correspondent of banks 
licensed in Mozambique, to deposit the sales revenues, other funds 
from any other legal source and payments made abroad under this 
Contract. 
(b) Once 
the accounts are approved the Concessionaire has the 
obligation to inform the Central Bank the number of the account(s) and 
the bank details within 45 days. 
(c) The portion of revenues to be kept abroad shall be a percentage that 
allows the payment of expenses related to the Contract, and the 
remaining shall be repatriated to a bank licensed in Mozambique or to 
a correspondent bank abroad within 180 days after the export of 
goods . 
(d) The Concessionaire 
shall be obliged to report periodically on the 
operation of the accounts referred to in clause 26.3 a), above. The 
Concessionaire shall insist with its bank to supply the Central Bank 
with copies of three-monthly statements of such accounts. The Central 
Bank shall be entitled to require audit to such accounts. Amounts 
spent on any such audits shall be cost recoverable paid by the 
Concessionaire. The Concessionaire shall waive banking 
confidentiality rights in benefit to the Central Bank in respect of such 
accounts in order to facilitate any such audits. 
(e) The Concessionaire has the obligation to render information to the 
Central Bank in the terms required for the balance of payments. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 68 



26.4 
Without prejudice to withholding tax due, all non-resident Subcontractors if 
duly authorized by the relevant mozambican authorities and all the Expatriate 
Personnel shall be entitled to receive in any currency the whole or any part of 
their remunerations outside the Republic of Mozambique. All payments to 
resident Subcontractors shall be made exclusively in Mozambique. 
26.5 
Subject to prior approval of the Cental Bank and according to legislation in 
force, the Concessionaire may obtain loans abroad, pay interest, capital and 
other expenses under the Loan Agreement. 
26.6 
Subject to withholding tax due, the Concessionaire shall have the right to 
freely declare and pay dividends to their shareholders and to remit the same 
to a place outside Mozambique, under the terms of the applicable law. 
26.7 
The payment of taxs to the State shall be made in national currency. For 
purposes of payment of taxes, the Concessionaire shall obtain the national 
currency against sale of foreign currency to the Central Bank. 
26.8 The registration of the expenses incurred into with Petroleum Operations shall 
be made as follows: 
a) By submitting a copy of the bank borderaux issued by the 
Concessionaire’s bank confirming receipt of foreign currency in favour of 
the venture when the investment is made through the entrance of foreign 
currency; 
b) By submitting the documentos únicos, when investment is made through 
the import of equipment, machinery and other goods in terms of the 
Contract; 

c) 
On the basis of expenses duly accounted for and confirmed by an auditing 
firm regsitered in Mozambique, incurred during Petroleum Operations. 

26.9 
Any omissions shall be dealt in accordance with applicable law. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 69 



Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 



Article 27 
Nature and Extent of the Rights of the Concessionaire 


27.1 
Subject to any right that the Government may have under the laws of 
Mozambique for imperative reasons in the national interest to acquire Petroleum 
to which the Concessionaire holds title, and the right of the Government to collect 
Petroleum Production Tax in kind pursuant to Article 11.6 (d), the Concessionaire 
may, by export or otherwise, freely sell or otherwise dispose of its entitlement to 
Petroleum as provided for in this EPCC. 
27.2 The rights granted under this 
EPCC to the Concessionaire and its Subcontractors 
shall include the right of use and enjoyment of the land and maritime areas 
encompassed in the EPCC Area, for the purpose of conducting Petroleum 
Operations. For that purpose Concessionaire may construct and operate such 
works, facilities, platforms, structures and pipelines as may be necessary. Such 
rights to be exercised by the Concessionaire provided, however, that the lawful 
occupier of any land in the EPCC Area shall retain any rights he may have to 
graze stocks upon or cultivate the surface of the land, except to the extent that 
such grazing or cultivation interferes with Petroleum Operations in any such area. 
Further more, for the purpose of conducting Petroleum Operations, 
Concessionaire and its Subcontractors may conduct and operate works, facilities, 
platforms, structures and pipelines necessary in the EPCC Area. Such rights to 
be exercised by the Concessionare, provided, however, that Persons shall retain 
rights they may have to fishing or aquaculture, except to the extent such activities 
interferes with Petroleum Operations in such area. 
27.3 
The right of the Concessionaire to use the land, maritime areas or sea bed shall 
continue to apply to acreage initially included within the EPCC Area but 
subsequently relinquished in accordance with the terms of this EPCC, where 
such use is reasonably necessary for purposes of conducting Petroleum 
Operations in the EPCC Area then remaining under this EPCC. 
27.4 
For the purposes of carrying out Petroleum Operations, the Concessionaire and 
any Subcontractors shall have at all times access to and from the EPCC Area 
and to any other area in the Republic of Mozambique where the Concessionaire 
has acquired or constructed facilities, subject to Article 27.8 (f) and (g). 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 71 



27.5 
The rights of the Concessionaire under Articles 27.2, 27.3, 27.4, 27.6, and 27.8 
shall be exercised reasonably so as to affect as little as possible the interests of 
any lawful occupier of land in the EPCC Area. 
27.6 
Where in the course of conducting Petroleum Operations in the EPCC Area the 
Concessionaire causes disturbance to the rights of the lawful occupier of any 
land or causes damage to his growing crops, trees, buildings, livestocks or works, 
the Concessionaire shall pay to the lawful occupier compensation in respect of 
such disturbance or damage as Concessionaire may be adjudged liable to pay as 
a result of final, non-appeable order or judgement of a court or arbitral body 
under Mozambican jurisdiction. 
27.7 
Where in the course of conducting Petroleum Operations in the EPCC Area the 
Concessionaire causes disturbance to the rights of a Person having their fishing 
fields or grounds occupied, aquaculture activities limited, fishing or aquaculture 
equipment moved to less favourable locations from a maritime resource 
management or commercial point of view, as well as having their equipment, 
catch or harvest polluted or damaged the Concessionaire shall pay to the Person 
affected such compensation in respect of such demonstrable disturbance or 
damage as Concessionaire may be adjudged liable to pay by final, non-appeable 
order or judgement of a court or arbitral body under Mozambican jurisdiction. 
27.8 
For the purposes described in this Article the following rights are granted to the 
Concessionaire subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the work 
programme related thereto and applicable law: 
(a) 
to drill for and have the free use of water and impound surface waters and 
to establish systems for the supply of water for the Petroleum Operations 
and for consumption by its employees and its Subcontractors; 
(b) 
with the consent of, and subject to such terms and conditions agreed with, 
any Person having the right to dispose of such minerals, to carry away 
and use for Petroleum Operations in Mozambique, materials such as 
gravel, sand, lime, gypsum, stone and clay; provided that if the Person 
having the right to dispose of the same is the Government or an agency of 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 72 



Government, then the Concessionaire shall have the use of such minerals 
for Petroleum Operations as provided by applicable law. 

(c) 
to erect, set up, maintain and operate engines, machinery, pipelines, 
gathering lines, umbilicals, storage tanks, compressor stations, pumping 
stations, houses, buildings and all other constructions, installations, 
works, platforms, facilities and other fixtures which are required in 
furtherance of its Petroleum Operations; 
(d) 
to erect, set up, maintain and operate all communication and 
transportation systems and facilities but shall not, save for temporary 
purposes, do so unless drawings of and locations for their sites have been 
submitted to and approved by the Government, under reasonable 
conditions of installation and operation of such systems and facilities; 
(e) 
to erect, maintain and operate harbour and terminal facilities for use 
exclusively in Petroleum Operations, together with the necessary means 
of communication and transport between such facilities and any part of 
the EPCC Area; provided that the consent of the Government to the 
location of such works shall first be obtained; 
(f) 
with respect to lands located outside of the EPCC Area, to have the right 
of way over land not in the beneficial occupation of any Person and in the 
case of land in the beneficial occupation of the Government or any State 
Company, agency or instrumentality of the Government to have right of 
way on such reasonable terms and conditions as the Government and the 
Concessionaire may agree; and 
(g) 
with respect to lands located outside of the EPCC Area, to have, 
otherwise than aforesaid, the use of land necessarily required for the 
conduct of Petroleum Operations with the agreement of the Person 
holding a right affected, including the lawful occupier of land or, in the 
case of unoccupied land or land occupied by the Government or any State 
Company, agency or instrumentality of the Government on such 
reasonable terms and conditions as the Government shall specify, 
provided that if the Concessionaire is unable to reach agreement with the 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 73 



Person so affected on the terms and conditions for the use of any such 
right including land, the Concessionaire shall immediately notify the 
Government. If the use of the rights by the Concessionaire is to be of a 
temporary nature, not exceeding one (1) year, the Government shall 
authorise such temporary use upon deposit by the Concessionaire with 
the Government of a sum by way of compensation to such Person holding 
the right for loss of use and damage to its interest. If the use is to be for a 
period longer than one (1) year, the Government shall authorise the use 
by the Concessionaire of the right in question upon deposit by the 
Concessionaire with the Government of such sum by way of 
compensation and shall direct appropriate proceedings to grant the 
Concessionaire the right to use and legally utilize the right under the 
applicable law from time to time in force as if the Petroleum Operations 
were in all respects a work of public utility. 

27.9 
The Concessionaire shall be subject to the procedures and formalities required 
by applicable law for the exercise of the rights set forth in this Article. 
27.10 
(a) In the event that the Government exercises any right it may have under 
the laws of Mozambique to acquire for imperative reasons in the national 
interest Petroleum belonging to the Concessionaire, the Government shall 
give not less than forty five (45) days notice of the exercise of such right 
and of the volumes it wishes to acquire, and the Concessionaire shall 
supply the volumes so notified from the Petroleum to which the 
Concessionaire is entitled under this EPCC at the Delivery Point or such 
point that may be agreed or such point within Mozambican jurisdiction 
designated by the Government. Additional cost incurred by the 
Concessionaire in order to deliver such Petroleum at any other point than 
the Delivery Point with facilities and equipment in place shall be 
reimbursed to the Concessionaire by the Government and the cost of any 
new facilities and equipment to be used for such delivery shall be paid by 
the Government. 
(b) 
The Government shall pay the Concessionaire the full market value of the 
Petroleum so acquired determined in accordance with Article 10. 
Payment for the Petroleum so acquired in any calendar month shall be 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 74 



made in United States dollars within thirty (30) days after the end of that 
calendar month. The Concessionaire may receive, remit and retain 
abroad and freely dispose of all or any part of the sums so paid. 

(c) 
The Government shall not exercise its right to acquire Petroleum 
belonging to the Concessionaire: 
(i) 
in respect of any month unless during that month the Government 
is taking Petroleum Production Tax entirely in kind pursuant to 
Article 11.5; 
(ii) 
unless it is also exercising the same right rateably among all 
producers of Petroleum within the Republic of Mozambique (to the 
extent practicable taking into account the geographical location of 
the production in relation to the geographical location of the 
requirements). 
27.11 
The Government undertakes that so long as this EPCC subsists: 
(a) 
The Government, its political subdivisions, agencies and instrumentalities, 
to the extent that they have or may acquire the power to do so, will not 
expropriate, nationalise or intervene in the assets, rights, interests or any 
other property of any kind of the Concessionaire held for the purpose of 
Petroleum Operations including the rights held by the Concessionaire 
hereunder. 
Without prejudice to the rights of the Government acting through MIREM 
to regulate Petroleum Operations in the Republic of Mozambique, for the 
purpose of this undertaking, the Government shall be deemed to have 
intervened in the property or assets of the Concessionaire if (otherwise 
than in pursuant of a judgment or in exercise of its rights as a mortgage 
creditor, or in accordance with the law of insolvency, liquidation or 
creditor’s rights) it assumes power of management over such property or 
assets or exercises effective control of such property or assets. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 75 



(b) 
In the event of a breach of Article 27.11(a), nothing in the provisions of 
Article 19.5 shall be read or construed as preventing consideration of the 
projected flow of profits (if any) from Petroleum Operations hereunder for 
the purpose of determining the value of property or assets expropriated, 
nationalised or made subject to intervention. 
(c) 
In the event that the Petroleum Law is repealed or amended, the 
Government undertakes to ensure that this EPCC remains in full force 
and effect provided always that nothing in this provision will be construed 
as requiring the Government to relieve the Concessionaire from 
compliance with the provisions of applicable law relating to Petroleum 
Operations, not incosistent herewith, which may be in force from time to 
time. 
27.12 
(a) Where for the purpose of conducting Petroleum Operations hereunder the 
Concessionaire, Operator or any Subcontractor requires from MIREM, the 
Government or from any agency or instrumentality of the Government or 
from a political subdivision thereof any approvals, licences, permits, 
authorisations, consents or releases or any assistance, advice or 
guidance relating to the above, then subject to the terms and conditions of 
this EPCC, the same shall be granted or given expeditiously and without 
undue delay. 
(b) 
Without prejudice to the generality thereof, the undertaking set out in 
Article 27.12(a) shall apply to: 
– 
formalities relating to the import and export of goods including the 
export of Petroleum Produced hereunder; 
– 
formalities relating to the use by the Concessionaire of any form of 
transport for the movement of employees, equipment and 
materials and to the use of communication and port facilities in the 
Republic of Mozambique; 
– 
the grant of permits or other approvals required for the admission 
into and employment in the Republic of Mozambique of Expatriate 
Personnel; 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 76 



– 
the grant of land rights or the permits or other approvals necessary 
for the use of land and maritime areas in accordance with this 
Article; 
– 
the grant of rights to take or use water; 
– 
procedures and formalities relating to foreign exchange; and 
– 
approval of assignments and, to the extent required, transactions 
relating to the shares of any Person constituting the 
Concessionaire. 
The Government will expedite all formalities regarding the 
Concessionaire’s registration to do business in Republic of Mozambique 
and the new registration of any leases, contracts or other documents. 
The Government will, to the extent that circumstances and resources 
permit, ensure that the Concessionaire and its employees and property 
enjoy reasonable protection in Republic of Mozambique. 

27.13 
In the event of changes in Petroleum legislation or in other Mozambican 
legislation affecting Petroleum Operations that may, individually or in the 
aggregate, create a material adverse effect to the economic benefits of the 
Concessionaire or to the Government in terms of this EPCC, the Parties shall, 
as soon as possible after any of the above-mentioned situations occur, meet to 
verify and agree on the changes, in all cases, that may be required to the 
EPCC in order to restore, as closely as possible, the economic benefits that the 
Concessionaire would have derived if the change in the legislation had not 
been effected. 
The provisions of this Article shall not be read or construed as imposing any 
limitation or constraint on the scope, or due and proper enforcement, of 
Mozambican legislation which does not discriminate, or have the effect of 
discriminating, against the Concessionaire, and provides for the protection of 
health, safety, labor or the environment, or for the regulation of any category of 
property or activity carried on in Mozambique, provided, however, that the 
Government will at all times during the period of Petroleum Operations ensure 
that, in accordance with the terms of Article 31, measures taken for the 
protection of health, safety, labor or the environment are in accordance with 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 77 



standards that are reasonable and generally accepted in the international 
petroleum industry. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 78 



Article 28 
Protection of the Environment 


28.1 
The Government will at all times during the life of the Petroleum Operations 
ensure in accordance with this Article, that measures taken in the interest of 
safety, health, welfare or the protection of the environment are in accordance 
with standards generally accepted from time to time in the international 
petroleum industry and are not unreasonable. 
28.2 
In carrying out Petroleum Operations hereunder the Concessionaire shall: 
(a) 
in accordance with accepted standards in the international petroleum 
industry employ up-to-date techniques, practices and methods of 
operation for the prevention of environmental damage, the control of 
waste and the avoidance of unnecessary loss of, or damage to, 
natural resources; 
(b) 
observe applicable laws and regulations of general application in force 
from time to time in the Republic of Mozambique for the protection of 
the environment; and 
(c) 
comply strictly with the obligations relating to the protection of the 
environment it has assumed under any approved Development Plan . 
28.3 
The Concessionaire undertakes for the purposes of this EPCC to take all 
necessary and adequate steps in accordance with Good Oilfield Practices to: 
(a) 
ensure, if the Concessionaire is otherwise legally responsible, proper 
compensation for injury to Persons or damage to property caused by 
the Petroleum Operations; 
(b) 
avoid irremediable environmental damage to the EPCC Area and 
adjoining or neighbouring lands and marine areas caused by the 
Concessionaire’s Petroleum Operations; and 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 79 



(c) 
rehabilitate at its own cost all areas that suffer by environmental 
damage as a result of the Petroleum Operations. 
28.4 
If the Concessionaire fails to comply with the terms of Articles 28.2 or 28.3 or 
contravenes any law on the prevention of environmental damage and such 
failure or contravention results in any environmental damage, the 
Concessionaire shall take all necessary and reasonable measures to remedy 
such failure or contravention and the effects thereof. 
28.5 
(a) If the Government has reasonable grounds to believe that any works 
or installations erected by the Concessionaire or any operations 
carried out by the Concessionaire in the EPCC Area are endangering 
or may endanger Persons or any property of any other Person or is 
causing pollution or harming wildlife or the environment to a degree 
which the Government considers unacceptable, the Government shall 
notify the Concessionaire of its concerns and the Government and the 
Concessionaire shall immediately consult to agree on remedial 
measures to be taken by the Concessionaire. Said remedial 
measures will be undertaken within a reasonable period of time to 
repair any damage and to prevent further damage to the extent 
reasonably practicable. If there is a disagreement between the 
Government and the Concessionaire regarding the existence of a 
problem of the type described in this Article or the remedial action to 
be taken by the Concessionaire, such matter shall be submitted to a 
sole expert for determination pursuant to Article 30.6. 
(b) 
in the case of any matter referred to a sole expert under Article 
28.5(a), if requested by the Government, the Concessionaire shall 
undertake such temporary measures to address the Government’s 
concerns as may be reasonably requested by the Government. 
28.6 
Without limitation to the generality of Articles 28.2, 28.3, 28.4 and 28.5, the 
Concessionaire shall cause a consulting firm or individuals, approved by the 
Government on account of their special knowledge of environmental matters, 
to carry out an environmental impact study on terms of reference determined 
by the Concessionaire and approved by the Government, in order to establish 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 80 



what the effect will be on the environment, human beings, wildlife or marine 
life in the EPCC Area in consequence of the Petroleum Operations to be 
undertaken under this EPCC. 

28.7 
If the Concessionaire fails to comply with any terms contained in this Article 
within a reasonable period of time the Government may, after giving the 
Concessionaire written notice of such failure to comply and a reasonable 
period of time necessary to take corrective action, take any action which may 
be necessary to cure such failure, and recover, immediately after having 
taken such action, all expenditures incurred in connection with such action 
from the Concessionaire together with interest at the prevailing LIBOR rate 
plus one (1) percentage point compounded quaterly and calculated from the 
date such expenditure is made until repaid. “LIBOR” meas the annual rate 
equal to the three (3) month term London interbank offered rate for United 
States dollar deposits as published by the Wall Street Journal or, if not 
published therein, then by the Financial Times of London on the first day of 
the month following the first date any such expenditure is incurred. Should a 
rate not be quoted for a relevant date (such as weekends or public holidays), 
then the first subsequent quoted rate shall be used. 
28.8 
The Concessionaire and MIREM shall notify each other of any 
environmentally, archaeologically, historically or similarly protected areas or 
features which might be affected by the Petroleum Operations. 
28.9 
In the event that the Petroleum Operations is intended to be conducted within 
the boundaries of any protected area within the EPCC Area, the 
Concessionaire shall obtain such additional approvals from the Government, 
as may be required by applicable law. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 81 



Article 29 
Surrender and Cancellation 


29.1 
The Concessionaire on giving to MIREM not less than thirty (30) days notice 
may: 
(a) 
if its obligations in respect of any Exploration Period have been 
fulfilled, at any time thereafter surrender its rights in respect of the 
entire EPCC Area with the consequence that no new obligations will 
thereafter accrue; and 
(b) 
at any time, surrender its rights in respect of any acreage forming part 
of the EPCC Area with the consequence that no new obligations will 
thereafter accrue in respect of such acreage; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
no surrender by the Concessionaire of its rights over any part 
of the EPCC Area shall relieve the Concessionaire of any of its 
obligations as set out in Article 4; and 
(ii) 
any area surrendered shall be continuously delineated by 
meridians and parallels of latitude expressed in whole minutes 
of a degree. 
29.2 
Unless otherwise provided in this Article, the Government may, by notice to 
the Concessionaire, cancel this EPCC for the reasons given in the applicable 
laws, including in any of the following events: 
(a) 
the Concessionaire is in material breach of the terms and conditions of 
this EPCC; 
(b) 
the Concessionaire fails to materially comply within a reasonable 
period of time with any final decision reached as a result of arbitration 
proceedings conducted pursuant to Article 30.2 or fails within a 
reasonable period of time to accept as final and binding the decision 
of a sole expert to whom, pursuant to this EPCC, any matter has 
been referred under Article 30; or 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 82 



(c) where the Concessionaire is one Person, an order is made or a 
resolution is passed by a court of competent jurisdiction winding up 
the affairs of the Concessionaire unless the winding up is for the 
purpose of amalgamation or reorganisation and the Government has 
been notified of the amalgamation or reorganisation, or if without the 
approval of the Government, the majority of the shares in the 
Concessionaire are acquired by third parties other than an Affiliated 
Company; or 
(d) the Concessionaire is more than one Person and all Persons who 
constitute the Concessionaire are for the purpose of Article 29.3(a) 
Defaulting Participants. 
29.3 (a) In the event that more than one Person constitutes the 
Concessionaire, and in respect of any such Person (hereinafter in this 
Article referred to as the “Defaulting Participant”), an event occurs of 
the kind described in Article 29.2(c) or any such Person (also 
hereinafter referred to as the “Defaulting Participant”) is in material 
breach of an obligation under this EPCC which as provided in Article 
5.2(a) is a several obligation, the Government shall not be entitled to 
cancel this EPCC pursuant to Article 29.2 or otherwise, unless all the 
Persons who constitute the Concessionaire are Defaulting 
Participants, but may subject to Article 29.4, serve on the Defaulting 
Participant a notice (hereinafter referred to as an “Assignment 
Notice”). 
(b) Where an Assignment Notice has been served on a Defaulting 
Participant, the Defaulting Participant shall forthwith, unconditionally, 
without consideration, and free from all encumbrances assign its 
undivided Participating Interest share in this EPCC to the other 
Persons who constitute the Concessionaire (the “Non-Defaulting 
Participants”) in undivided shares in proportion to the undivided 
shares in which the Non-Defaulting Participants hold their shares in 
this EPCC, and each of the Non-Defaulting Participants shall be 
obliged to accept that assignment. A Non-Defaulting Participant 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 83 



accepting such an assignment shall not be responsible for any 
obligations of the assigning Defaulting Participant to the Government, 
or any third party which accrued prior to the assignment. 

29.4 
The Government may cancel this EPCC pursuant to Article 29.2 or serve an 
Assignment Notice under Article 29.3 only if: 
(a) 
the Government gives not less than ninety (90) days notice (the 
“Notice”) to the Concessionaire or, as the case may be, the Defaulting 
Participant, of an intention to cancel this EPCC or to serve an 
Assignment Notice stating in detail in the Notice the alleged material 
breach or other grounds for cancellation or service of an Assignment 
Notice relied upon by the Government; 
(b) 
the Concessionaire or the Defaulting Participant is given a period of 
thirty (30) days from its receipt of the Notice to provide any information 
it wishes the Government to consider; 
(c) 
the Concessionaire or Defaulting Participant is given a period of sixty 
(60) days from its receipt of the Notice: 
(i) 
to cure or remove such material breach or other grounds 
specified in the Notice for cancellation or service of an 
Assignment Notice; or 
(ii) 
if such material breach or other grounds aforesaid cannot be 
cured or removed within such sixty (60) day period, to 
immediately begin efforts to cure or remove the alleged 
material breach or other grounds aforesaid and to diligently 
pursue such efforts; or 
(iii) 
where it is impossible to cure or remove such material breach 
or other grounds aforesaid, to pay reasonable compensation to 
the Government , in respect thereof; and 
(d) 
the Concessionaire or the Defaulting Participant either: 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 84 



(i) 
has failed within the said sixty (60) days to cure or remove 
such material breach or other grounds aforesaid pursuant to 
Article 29.4(c)(i); 
(ii) 
has failed to diligently pursue efforts to cure or remove such 
material breach or other grounds aforesaid pursuant to Article 
29.4(c)(ii); or 
(iii) 
in the event that it is impossible to cure or remove such 
material breach or other grounds aforesaid, has failed within 
the said sixty (60) days to pay reasonable compensation; 
and the Concessionaire or the Defaulting Participant has not 
commenced arbitration proceedings pursuant to Article 29.5. 

29.5 
Any dispute between the Parties as to whether : 
(a) 
there are grounds under Article 29.2 on which this EPCC may be 
cancelled; 
(b) 
there are grounds under Article 29.3 on which an Assignment Notice 
may be served on any Person; 
(c) 
the requirements of Article 29.4(a), (b) and (c) have been satisfied; or 
(d) 
the Concessionaire or, as the case may be, the Defaulting Participant 
has remedied or removed a ground in respect of which this EPCC 
may be cancelled under Article 29.2 or an Assignment Notice served 
under Article 29.3 or whether full, prompt and effective compensation 
has been paid in respect of grounds for cancellation or the service of 
an Assignment Notice which are impossible to remedy or remove 
shall be referred to arbitration under Article 30. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 85 



29.6 (a) Where notice of a dispute has been given by the Concessionaire in 
respect of any of the matters specified in Article 29.5, the Government 
shall not pursuant to Article 29.2 cancel this EPCC until the matter or 
matters in dispute have been resolved by an award and in that event 
only if cancellation is consistent with the award rendered. 
(b) Where the existence of a material breach of the terms and conditions 
of this EPCC relates to a matter in dispute between the Government 
and the Concessionaire which has been referred for determination by 
a sole expert pursuant to Article 30.6, a notice served on the 
Concessionaire pursuant to Article 29.4 may not rely upon that matter 
as a reason for the intended cancellation of this EPCC until the sole 
expert has determined the matter and in that event only if to do so 
would be consistent with the way in which the matter has been so 
determined. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 86 



Article 30 
Consultation, Arbitration and Independent Expert 


30.1 
For the purpose of this article, there are two Parties, the Government and the 
Concessionaire. 
30.2 
A dispute shall be resolved, if possible, by negotiation between the Parties. A 
notice of the existence of a dispute shall be given by a Party to another in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 35. In the event that no agreement is 
reached within thirty (30) days after the date one Party notifies the other that 
a dispute exists, or such longer period that is specifically provided for 
elsewhere in this EPCC, either Party shall have the right to have such dispute 
determined by arbitration or an expert as provided for in this Article 30. 
Arbitration and expert determination as aforesaid shall be the exclusive 
method of determining a dispute under this EPCC. 
30.3 
Subject to the provisions of this Article 30, and save for any matter to be 
referred to arbitration as provided for in Article 30.4 or referred to a sole 
expert as provided in Article 30.6, the Parties shall submit any dispute arising 
out of or in connection with this EPCC which cannot be resolved by 
negotiation as provided in Article 30.2 to arbitration as hereinafter provided: 
(a) 
the dispute shall be submitted to the International Centre for 
Settllement of Investment Disputes (“ICSID”) for settlement by 
arbitration pursuant to the Convention on the Settlement of Investment 
Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States in accordance 
with the arbitration rules thereof in effect on the Effective Date (the 
“Convention”). It is hereby stipulated that the transaction to which this 
EPC relates is an investment. 
(b) 
the seat of the arbitration shall be .., .., and the law of the merits 
of the arbitration shall be Mozambique law. The arbitration shall be 
conducted in the English language. If for any reason an ICSID arbitral 
tribunal declines to approve . as the place of arbitration, the place of 
arbitration for that case shall be the Permanent Court of Arbitration in 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 87 



The Hague. Notwithstanding Article 32, the English version of this 
EPCC signed by the Parties shall be used as the official translation in 
arbitral proceedings; 

(c) 
Mozambican Person shall be designated to ICSID by the Government 
in accordance with Article 25(1) of the Convention. The Government 
has given its approval to this consent to arbitration in acoordance with 
Article 25(3) of the Convention; 
(d) 
if the dispute is not between one or more Parties who are nationals of 
a contracting State, on the one hand, and the Government and/or a 
Mozambican Person, on the other hand, or if for any reason ICSID 
refuses to register a request for arbitration or an arbitral tribunal 
established in accordance with the ICSID Arbitration Rules determines 
that the dispute is not within the jurisdiction of ICSID, the dispute shall 
be settled by arbitration in accordance with the United Nations 
Commission on International Trade Law (“UNCITRAL”) Arbitration 
Rules. In the event that UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules shall be applied, 
the appointing authority shall be the Permanent Court of Arbitration in 
The Hague; 
(e) 
an award by an arbitrator or arbitrators shall be final and binding on all 
Parties; 
(f) 
the arbitral panel shall be composed of three (3) arbitrators to be 
appointed in accordance with the ICSID Rules, provided that, upon 
mutual agreement of both Parties, the arbitration may be conducted 
by a sole arbitrator appointed under the ICSID Rules. Unless both 
Parties have agreed that the dispute shall be settled by a sole 
arbitrator, the claimant Party shall nominate in the request for 
arbitration, and the respondent Party shall nominate within thirty (30) 
days of the registration of the request, one (1) arbitrator pursuant to 
the ICSID Rules. Within a period of thirty (30) days from the date 
when both arbitrators have accepted their appointments the arbitrators 
so appointed shall agree on a third arbitrator, who shall act as 
Chairman of the arbitral tribunal. If either Party fails to nominate an 
arbitrator as provided above, or if the arbitrators nominated by the 
Parties fail to agree on a third arbitrator within the period specified 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 88 



above, then ICSID shall make such appointments as necessary in 
accordance with the ICSID Rules. If both Parties have agreed that the 
dispute shall be settled by a sole arbitrator the sole arbitrator shall be 
nominated by agreement between them subject to acceptance by the 
nominated arbitrator; provided that if the Parties are unable to agree 
on a nominee for sole arbitrator within thirty (30) days from the date of 
the registration of the request, then ICSID shall appoint the sole 
arbitrator in accordance with the ICSID Rules; 

(g) 
insofar as practicable, the Parties shall continue to implement the 
terms of this EPCC notwithstanding the initiation of arbitral 
proceedings and any pending disputes; 
(h) 
the provisions set out in this Article 30 shall continue after the 
termination of this EPCC; and 
(i) 
Neither any sole expert nor any arbitrator of the arbitral tribunal, as 
applicable, shall be of the same nationality as any Party. 
30.4 
An award or a decision, including an interim award or decision, in arbitral 
proceedings pursuant to this Article 30 shall be binding on the Parties and 
judgment thereon may be entered in any court having jurisdiction for that 
purpose. Each of the Parties hereby irrevocably waives any defences based 
upon sovereign immunity and waives any claim to immunity: 
(a) 
in respect of proceedings in aid of arbitration or to enforce any such 
award or decision including, without limitation, immunity from service 
of process and from the jurisdiction of any court; and 
(b) 
in respect of immunity from the execution of any such award or 
decision against the property of the Republic of Mozambique held for 
a commercial purpose. 
Parties in this clause 30.4 shall be understood to include each entity 
comprising the Concessionaire. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 89 



30.5 
Any matter in dispute of a technical nature not involving interpretation of law 
or the application of this EPCC and which is required to be referred to a sole 
expert for determination under the provisions of this EPCC, including Articles 
10.3 (e) and 28.5 (a) of this EPCC and Article 2.1 (e) of Annex "C" or other 
issues of a substantially equivalent nature to said clauses (or with respect to 
any other matter which the Parties may otherwise agree to so refer) shall be 
referred to a sole expert for determination by a Party giving notice to such 
effect pursuant to Article 35. Such notice shall contain a statement describing 
the dispute and all relevant information associated therewith. A sole expert 
shall be an independent and impartial person of international standing with 
relevant qualifications and experience appointed pursuant to the mutual 
agreement of the Parties. Any sole expert appointed shall act as an expert 
and not as an arbitrator or mediator and shall be instructed to endevour to 
resolve the dispute referred to him within thirty (30) days of his appointment, 
but in any event within sixty (60) days of the appointment. Upon the selection 
of the sole expert, the Party receiving the notice of referral above shall submit 
its own statement containing all information it considers relevant with respect 
to the matter in dispute. The decision of the sole expert shall be final and 
binding and not subject to any appeal, save for fraud, corruption or manifest 
disregard of applicable procedure of this EPCC. If the Parties are unable to 
agree on the appointment of a sole expert within twenty (20) days after a 
Party has received a notice of referral under this Article the sole expert shall 
be selected by the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) Centre for 
Expertise, and the person so selected shall be appointed by the Parties. 
30.6 
The sole expert shall decide the manner in which any determination is made, 
including whether the Parties shall make oral or written submissions and 
arguments, and the Parties shall co-operate with the sole expert and provide 
such documentation and information as the sole expert may request. All 
correspondence, documentation and information provided by a Party to the 
sole expert shall be copied to the other Party, and any oral submissions to the 
sole expert shall be made in the presence of all Parties and each Party shall 
have a right of response. The sole expert may obtain any independent 
professional or technical advice as the sole expert considers necessary. The 
English version of this EPCC signed by the Parties shall be used as the 
official translation in any determination by the sole expert. The fees and 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 90 



expenses of a sole expert appointed under the provisions of Article 30.5 shall 
be borne equally by the Parties. 

30.7 
The Parties hereby agree not to exercise any right to institute proceedings to 
set aside any interim or final arbitral award made pursuant to this Article 30, 
except that nothing in this Article 30.7 shall be read or construed as imposing 
any limitation or constraint on either Party’s right to seek to nullify any such 
interim or final arbitral award (a) rendered by an ICSID arbitral tribunal on the 
limited grounds and in accordance with the procedure set forth in Article 52 of 
the Convention or (b) rendered by the arbitral tribunal pursuant to the 
UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules on the limited grounds set forth in Article 52 of 
the Convention. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 91 



Article 31 
Applicable Law 


31.1 
This EPCC shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the Republic of Mozambique. 
31.2 
(a) The Government and the Concessionaire agree to cooperate on 
preventing corruption. The Parties undertake to take administrative 
disciplinary actions and rapid legal measures in their respective 
responsibilities to stop, investigate and prosecute in accordance with 
national law any person suspected of corruption or other intentional 
resource misuse. 
(b) 
No offer, gift, payments or benefit of any kind, which would or could be 
construed as an illegal or corrupt practice, shall be accepted, either 
directly or indirectly, as an inducement or reward for the execution of 
this EPCC. 
(c) 
The above paragraph (b) is equally applicable to the Concessionaire, 
its Affiliated Companies, agents, representatives, Subcontractors or 
consultants when such offer, gift, payments or benefit violate: 
(i) 
the applicable laws of the Republic of Mozambique; 
(ii) 
the laws of the country of formation of the Concessionaire or of 
its ultimate parent company (or its principal place of business); 
or, 
(iii) 
the principles described in the United Nation Convention 
Against Corruption, signed in Paris in 17 December 1997, and 
enter into force in 15 February 1999 including its comments. 
31.3 
References in this EPCC to applicable law are withouth prejudice to the rights 
of the Parties under Article 9.11, 11.9 and 27.13, when such applicable law is 
Mozambican law. 
Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 92 



Article 32 
Language 


This EPCC has been drawn up in the Portuguese and English languages and ......(..) 
originals of each text have been prepared for signature by the Government and the 
Concessionaire. One (1) signed original of each text will be retained by the Parties. 
Both the Portuguese and English text are binding. However, the Portuguese text will 
prevail in case of conflict. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 93 



Article 33 
Joint Operating Agreement 


33.1 A joint operating agreement shall be signed between the Persons constituting 
the Concessionaire immediately upon execution of this EPCC. 
33.2 The joint operating agreement is subject to the approval of the Government 
and such an approval is a condition for the EPCC. 
33.3 Every other agreement than the joint operating agreement relating to the 
Petroleum Operations made between the Persons who constitute the 
Concessionaire shall be consistent with the provisions of this EPCC and shall 
be submitted to MIREM as soon as the same has been executed 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 94 



Article 34 
Future Agreements 


It is understood that any written agreement which may at any time be concluded 
between the Concessionaire on the one hand and the Government on the other, as 
may be required or desired within the context of this EPCC shall be deemed to have 
been approved to the same extent in accordance with applicable law as if it was 
originally included in this EPCC. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 95 



Article 35 
Notices 


35.1 
All notices, invoices and other communications hereunder shall be deemed to 
have been properly given or presented, if delivered in writing in person or by 
courier or sent by facsimile confirmed by courier at the addresses indicated in 
Article 35.2 with the charges associated with the delivery of the notice, invoice 
or other communication being paid by the sender. 
35.2 
All such notices shall be addressed to the Government or the Concessionaire, 
as the case may be, as follows: 
(a) 
The Government 
MINISTÉRIO DOS RECURSOS MINERAIS 
Prédio Montepio, Avenida Fernão de Magalhães, 34, 1st floor 
Caixa Postal 4724 
Maputo, Mozambique 

Attention : Chairman of the National Petroleum Institute 

Telephone : +258 21 320935 
Telefax : +258 21 430 850 


(b) 
The Concessionaire 
ABC 
Attention : 


Telephone : + 258 21 
Telefax : + 258 21 


 XYZ 

Attention : 
Telephone : +258 21 


Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 96 



Telefax : +258 21 
35.3 Subject to Article 35.4 each Party hereto may substitute or 
aforesaid address by giving written notice thereof to the others. 
change the 
35.4 The Concessionaire shall at all times maintain an address in Maputo for the 
purpose of service of notice. 

Mozambique Model EPCC/4th Licensing Round/May2010 97 



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Government and the Concessionaire have signed this EPCC 
in ..... (....) originals in each of the Portuguese and English languages, as of the date first 
herein above stated. 

The Government of the Republic of Mozambique 

By: _________________________________ 
Esperança Laurinda Francisco Nhiuane Bias 
Minister of Mineral Resources 
Date: _________________________________ 

ABC 

By: 
_________________________________ 
Name 
Position 

Date: 
_________________________________ 

XYZ 

By: 
_________________________________ 
Name 
Position 

Date: 
_________________________________ 

Mozambique 3rd Licensing Round-Model EPC-ENG-December 2007 

 98 


