
EX-10
5
exhibit1022.htm
GUARANTY BETWEEN SWN AND FEP


EXHIBIT 10.22




 EXHIBIT 10.22

GUARANTY
THIS GUARANTY (this “Guaranty”), is made and entered into as of
September 30, 2008, by SOUTHWESTERN ENERGY COMPANY, a Delaware corporation
(“Guarantor”), in favor of FAYETTEVILLE EXPRESS PIPELINE LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (“Fayetteville”).  (Except as otherwise defined herein,
capitalized terms used herein and defined in the PA (as defined below) shall be
used herein as therein defined.)
W I T N E S S E T H :
WHEREAS, Southwestern Energy Services Company, an Arkansas
corporation (including its permitted affiliated assigns under Section 12 of the
PA (as hereinafter defined), “Foundation Shipper”) is an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of Guarantor; and Guarantor wishes Foundation Shipper to enter into
the Precedent Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2008 (as it may from time to
time be modified, supplemented, or amended, the “PA”)and the FTS Agreement
described in Section 2 of the PA, to be entered into by Foundation Shipper and
Fayetteville (as it may from time to time be modified or extended, the “FTS
Agreement”);
WHEREAS, pursuant to the PA, Foundation Shipper has certain
obligations to Fayetteville upon the terms and conditions set forth in the PA
and will incur certain additional obligations to Fayetteville under the FTS
Agreement (all such obligations, including the obligations of Foundation Shipper
to pay amounts due under the FTS Agreement, being referred to collectively as
the “Guaranteed Obligations”); 
WHEREAS, Fayetteville is willing to enter into the PA with
Foundation Shipper on the condition that it receive certain assurances regarding
the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, and Guarantor is willing to provide
such assurances in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Guaranty;
and  
WHEREAS, Guarantor acknowledges that, as the parent of Foundation
Shipper, it will be considerably benefited by the execution and delivery of the
PA.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
adequacy and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, Guarantor hereby agrees
as follows: 
1.
Guarantor absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees
to Fayetteville payment when due by Foundation Shipper of the Guaranteed
Obligations as follows:
(a)
(i) from the date hereof and until Fayetteville’s filing of the
Certificate Application with FERC, and (ii) during any period in which
Foundation Shipper meets the creditworthiness requirements set forth in Section
5.3(a) of the PA, the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by
Guarantor hereunder shall be zero (0) (the “Tier I Cap”);



(b)
upon Fayetteville’s filing of the Certificate Application with
FERC and until Fayetteville shall have accepted a certificate of public
convenience and necessity issued by FERC pursuant to section 7(c) of the Natural
Gas Act which authorizes the construction of the Pipeline (the “FERC
Authorization”), Guarantor guarantees full and prompt payment of the Guaranteed
Obligations up to an amount not to exceed the product of (x) nine (9) months,
(y) Foundation Shipper’s contract maximum daily quantity under the FTS Agreement
and any firm transportation agreement entered into pursuant to Section 2.5 of
the PA (collectively, and as in effect from time to time after taking into
account the increases or decreases contemplated herein, the “MDQ”), and (z) as
applicable to each portion of the MDQ, the monthly rates stated in Section
2.1(c) of the PA or any Favored Nations Rate in effect pursuant to Section 2.6
(such product being, the “Tier II Cap”); and 
(c)
upon Fayetteville’s acceptance of the FERC Authorization, and
subject to an earlier termination of the PA, Guarantor guarantees full and
prompt payment of the Guaranteed Obligations up to an amount not to exceed the
lesser of (x) (i) in the case of the Primary Term, the product of (A) thirty
(30) months, (B) the MDQ and (C) as applicable to each portion of the MDQ, the
monthly rates stated in Section 2.1(c) of the PA or any Favored Nations Rate in
effect pursuant to Section 2.6 or, (ii) in the case of any extended term, the
product of (A) thirty (30) months, (B) the MDQ and (C) as applicable to each
portion of the MDQ, the monthly rates stated in Section 2.1(c) of the PA or any
Favored Nations Rate in effect pursuant to Section 2.6 or the rate established
pursuant to Section 2.7 and (y) the total reservation charges for the MDQ for
the remainder of the Primary Term or any extended term, as the case may be (such
product being the “Tier III Cap”).  The Tier I Cap, the Tier II Cap and the
Tier III Cap are each referred to herein as a “Guaranty Cap”.  
With respect to the increases in amount of the Guaranteed
Obligations guaranteed by Guarantor hereunder triggered by the filing of the
Certificate Application and the acceptance of the FERC Authorization, such
increases shall become effective five (5) days after receipt by Foundation
Shipper of notice from Fayetteville that Fayetteville has filed its Certificate
Application with FERC or that Fayetteville has received and accepted FERC
Authorization, whichever is applicable.  Thereafter, in the case of an
increase of the MDQ under Section 2.5 of the PA or a reduction of the MDQ as a
result of a Rollover Right under Section 2.7 of the PA, adjustments in the
amount of the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by Guarantor hereunder shall
become effective upon the execution and delivery of the documentation required
under the PA, or in the case of a permanent release or assignment of capacity,
the PA and the Tariff, as applicable. As of the date hereof, the MDQ under this
Guaranty is 1,200,000 Dth/d.  With respect to any permanent release or
assignment by Foundation Shipper of all or a portion of the MDQ either prior to
or after the Effective Date pursuant to the PA or the Tariff, as applicable (
“Permanently Released Capacity”) other than to a permitted affiliate assign of
Foundation Shipper, the MDQ set forth in clauses (b)(y),  (c)(x)(i)(B) and
(c)(x)(ii)(B) above shall be reduced by the amount permanently released or
assigned and the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations hereunder shall be
proportionately permanently reduced and this Guaranty shall 
2



terminate and be of no more force and effect with respect to
Permanently Released Capacity.
2.
This Guaranty shall constitute a guaranty of payment, and not of
collection.  The liability of Guarantor hereunder is exclusive and
independent of any security for or other guaranty of the payment by Foundation
Shipper of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether executed by Guarantor, any other
guarantor or any other party.  This Guaranty shall terminate and be of no
more force and effect upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date upon which
either Foundation Shipper or Fayetteville exercises its respective termination
rights under the PA; or (ii) the date upon which Foundation Shipper no longer
has any of the MDQ in effect (the “MDQ Termination Date”).  Upon the
effectiveness of such termination, Guarantor shall have no further liability
except that termination of the Guaranty shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of the Guaranty with respect to any Guaranteed Obligations
incurred or arising prior to termination of the Guaranty.
3.
The obligations of Guarantor hereunder are independent of the
obligations of any other guarantor and a separate action or actions may be
brought and prosecuted against Guarantor whether or not action is brought
against any other guarantor and whether or not any other guarantor be joined in
any such action or actions.  If Foundation Shipper waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting its
liability under the PA, Guarantor likewise waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting its
liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof.  Any payment by Foundation
Shipper or other circumstance which operates to toll any statute of limitations
as to Foundation Shipper shall operate to toll the statute of limitations as to
Guarantor.
4.
Guarantor hereby waives notice of acceptance of this Guaranty and
notice of any liability to which it may apply, and waives promptness, diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, protest, notice of dishonor or nonpayment of any
such liabilities, suit or taking of other action by Fayetteville against, and
any other notice to, any party liable thereon (including Guarantor or any other
guarantor).
5.
Fayetteville, to the extent agreed to by Foundation Shipper or
otherwise allowed by the PA, may at any time and from time to time without the
consent of, or notice to, Guarantor, without incurring responsibility to
Guarantor, and without impairing or releasing the obligations of Guarantor
hereunder, upon or without any terms or conditions and in whole or in part,
subject to the applicable Guaranty Cap:
(a)
make any change, amendment, or modification in the terms of any of
the Guaranteed Obligations, and the guaranty herein made shall apply to the
Guaranteed Obligations as so changed, amended or modified;
(b)
take and hold security for the payment of the Guaranteed
Obligations and sell, exchange, release, surrender, impair, realize upon or
otherwise deal with in any manner and in any order any property by whomsoever at
any time 
3



pledged or mortgaged to secure, or howsoever securing, the
Guaranteed Obligations or any liabilities (including any of those hereunder)
incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and/or any offset
there against, and/or release any Person liable for all or any portion of the
Guaranteed Obligations;
(c)
act or fail to act in any manner referred to in this Guaranty
which may deprive Guarantor of its right to subrogation against Foundation
Shipper to recover full indemnity for any payments made pursuant to this
Guaranty; and/or
(d)
take any other action which would, under otherwise applicable
principles of common law, give rise to a legal or equitable discharge of
Guarantor from it liabilities under this Guaranty. 
6.
No invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of all or any part
of the Guaranteed Obligations or of any security therefor shall affect, impair
or be a defense to this Guaranty, and this Guaranty shall be primary, absolute,
irrevocable and unconditional notwithstanding the occurrence of any event or the
existence of any other circumstances which might constitute a legal or equitable
discharge of a surety or guarantor except indefeasible payment of an amount
equal to the applicable Guaranty Cap.
7.
This Guaranty is a continuing one and all liabilities to which it
applies or may apply under the terms hereof shall be conclusively presumed to
have been created in reliance hereon.  No failure or delay on the part of
Fayetteville in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.  The rights and
remedies herein expressly specified are cumulative and not exclusive of any
rights or remedies which Fayetteville would otherwise have.  No notice to
or demand on Guarantor in any case shall entitle Guarantor to any other or
further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a
waiver of the rights of Fayetteville to any other or further action in any
circumstances without notice or demand.  It is not necessary for
Fayetteville to inquire into the capacity or powers of Foundation Shipper or the
officers, directors, partners or agents acting or purporting to act on its
behalf.
8.
Guarantor hereby agrees with Fayetteville that it will not
exercise any right of subrogation which it may at any time otherwise have as a
result of this Guaranty (whether contractual, under Section 509 of the
Bankruptcy Code or otherwise) until all Guaranteed Obligations have been
indefeasibly paid in full (it being understood that Guarantor is not waiving any
right of subrogation that it may otherwise have but is only waiving the exercise
thereof as provided above).
9.
(a)
Guarantor waives any right (except as shall be required by
applicable statute and cannot be waived) to require Fayetteville to:  (i)
proceed against Foundation Shipper, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any other party; (ii) proceed against or exhaust any security
held from Foundation Shipper, any other guarantor of 
4



the Guaranteed Obligations or any other party; or (iii) pursue any
other remedy in Fayetteville’s power whatsoever.  Guarantor waives any
defense based on or arising out of any defense of Foundation Shipper, Guarantor,
any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other party other than
indefeasible payment of an amount equal to the applicable Guaranty Cap,
including, without limitation, any defense based on or arising out of the
disability of Foundation Shipper, Guarantor, any other guarantor of the
Guaranteed Obligations or any other party, or the unenforceability of the
Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from
any cause of the liability of Foundation Shipper other than indefeasible payment
of an amount equal to the applicable Guaranty Cap.  
(b)
Guarantor waives all presentments, demands for performance,
protests and notices, including, without limitation, notices of nonperformance,
notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices of acceptance of this Guaranty,
and notices of the existence, creation or incurring of new or additional
indebtedness.  Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping
itself informed of Foundation Shipper’s financial condition and assets, and of
all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed
Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks which Guarantor
assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees that Fayetteville shall have no duty to
advise Guarantor of information known to it regarding such circumstances or
risks.
10.
In order to induce Fayetteville to enter into the PA, Guarantor
represents, warrants and covenants that: 
(a)
Status.  Guarantor (i) is a duly organized and validly
existing corporation, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization, (ii) has the corporate power and authority to own or lease its
property and assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged and
presently proposes to engage and (iii) is duly qualified and is authorized to do
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the conduct of its
business requires such qualification, except for failures to be so qualified
which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on the results of operations or financial
condition of Guarantor and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
(b)
Power and Authority.  Guarantor has the corporate
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform the terms and provisions of
this Guaranty and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the
execution, delivery and performance by it of this Guaranty.  Guarantor has
duly executed and delivered this Guaranty and this Guaranty constitutes the
legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor enforceable in accordance with
its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability hereof and thereof may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights
generally and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is
sought in equity or at law).
5



(c)
No Violation.  Neither the execution, delivery or
performance by Guarantor of this Guaranty, nor compliance by it with the terms
and provisions hereof and thereof (i) will contravene any applicable provision
of any law, statute, rule or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction or
decree of any court or governmental instrumentality, (ii) will conflict or be
inconsistent with or result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants,
conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the
creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any lien upon
any of the property or assets of Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries pursuant
to the terms of, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, credit agreement or
loan agreement or any other material agreement, contract or instrument to which
Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its
property or assets is bound or to which it may be subject, or (iii) will violate
any provision of the certificate of incorporation, certificate of partnership,
partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement, by-laws or similar
documents, instruments or certificates (including amendments thereto) executed,
adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation or organization of
Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries. 
(d)
Governmental Approvals.  No order, consent, approval,
license, authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration
with (except as have been obtained or made), or exemption by, any governmental
or public body or authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to
authorize, or is required in connection with, (i) the execution, delivery and
performance of this Guaranty or (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or
enforceability of this Guaranty.
(e)
Litigation.  There are no actions, suits or
proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of Guarantor, threatened (i) which
purport to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Guaranty or
(ii) that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
results of operations or financial condition of Guarantor and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole. 
11.
Guarantor covenants and agrees that on and after the date hereof
and until the Effective Date, Guarantor shall take, or will refrain from taking,
as the case may be, all material actions that are necessary to be taken or not
taken so that Foundation Shipper will be in material compliance with any
provision, covenant or agreement of Foundation Shipper contained in the PA.
12.
Subject to the applicable Guaranty Cap, Guarantor hereby agrees to
pay all out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Fayetteville in connection with the
enforcement of this Guaranty (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) and
the out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Fayetteville in connection with any
amendment, waiver or consent relating hereto (including reasonable legal fees
and expenses).
13.
This Guaranty shall be binding upon Guarantor and its successors
and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Fayetteville and its successors
and assigns. Guarantor may not assign or transfer any of its rights or
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Fayetteville (and any
such attempted assignment or transfer without such consent shall be null and
void).
6



14.
Except as otherwise provided herein, neither this Guaranty nor any
provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated except with
the written consent of Guarantor and Fayetteville.
15.
Guarantor acknowledges that an executed (or conformed) copy of the
PA has been made available to Guarantor and Guarantor is familiar with the
contents thereof.
16.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder
will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when (i) delivered
by hand (with written acknowledgment of receipt), (ii) sent by facsimile
transmission (with receipt confirmed by an electronically generated written
confirmation), or (iii) received by the addressee, if sent by a nationally
recognized delivery service or other traceable method, in each case to the
appropriate addresses and facsimile numbers set forth below (or to such other
addresses and facsimile numbers as a party may designate by notice to the
others):
If to Guarantor, to:  
Southwestern Energy Company
2350 North Sam Houston Parkway East, Suite 125
Houston TX  77032
Facsimile:
 281-618-4820
Attention:
 General Counsel
 
If to Fayetteville, to:

Fayetteville Express Pipeline LLC
500 Dallas St., Suite 1000
Houston, Texas  77002
Facsimile:  713-369-9235
Attention: General Counsel of Gas Pipelines 
 
 
17.
If a claim is ever made against Fayetteville for repayment or
recovery of any amount or amounts received in payment or on account of any of
the Guaranteed Obligations and Fayetteville repays all or part of said amount by
reason of (i) any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative body
having jurisdiction over Fayetteville or any of its property or (ii) any
settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by Fayetteville with any
such claimant (including Foundation Shipper), then, subject to the applicable
Guaranty Cap, in such event Guarantor agrees that any such judgment, decree,
order, settlement or compromise shall be binding upon Guarantor, notwithstanding
any revocation hereof or other instrument evidencing any liability of Foundation
Shipper, and Guarantor shall be and remain liable to Fayetteville hereunder for
the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never
originally been received by Fayetteville.
18.
(a)  This Guaranty shall be binding upon the successors and
assigns of Guarantor (although Guarantor may not assign its rights and
obligations hereunder except in accordance with Section 13 hereof) and shall
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Fayetteville and its respective
successors and assigns.  THIS 
7



GUARANTY AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF FAYETTEVILLE AND OF
GUARANTOR HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAW OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.  Any legal action or proceeding with respect
to this Guaranty may be brought in the courts of the State of Texas or of the
United States of America for the Southern District of Texas, in each case which
are located in Houston, and, by execution and delivery of this Guaranty,
Guarantor hereby irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts.
 Guarantor hereby further irrevocably waives any claim that any such courts
lack jurisdiction over Guarantor, and agrees not to plead or claim in any legal
action or proceeding with respect to this Guaranty brought in any of the
aforesaid courts that any such court lacks jurisdiction over Guarantor.
 Guarantor further irrevocably consents to the service of process out of
any of the aforementioned courts in any such action or proceeding by the mailing
of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to Guarantor
at its address set forth above, such service to become effective 30 days after
such mailing.  Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any objection to such
service of process and further irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or
claim in any action or proceeding commenced hereunder that service of process
was in any way invalid or ineffective.  Nothing herein shall affect the
right of Fayetteville to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or
to commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against Guarantor in any
other jurisdiction.
(b)
Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may now
or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions or
proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Guaranty brought in the
courts referred to in clause (a) above and hereby further irrevocably waives and
agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that such action or proceeding
brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
(c)
WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY.  EACH OF GUARANTOR AND
FAYETTEVILLE (BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS OF THIS GUARANTY) HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.
19.
Guarantor hereby confirms that it is its intention that this
Guaranty not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of any
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or
any similar Federal, state or foreign law.  To effectuate the foregoing
intention, if enforcement of the liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty for
an amount equal to the applicable Guaranty Cap would be an unlawful or voidable
transfer under any applicable fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer law
or any comparable law, then the liability of Guarantor hereunder shall be
reduced to the maximum amount for which such liability may then be enforced
without giving rise to an unlawful or voidable transfer under any such law.
8



20.
All payments made by Guarantor hereunder will be made without
setoff, counterclaim or other defense.
21.
Any provision of this Guaranty held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without
affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions
hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular
jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other
jurisdiction.
22.
This Guaranty reflects the whole and entire agreement of the
parties and, with the exception of the PA, supersedes all prior agreements
related to the subject matter hereof.
*    *    *
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Guarantor has caused this Guaranty to be
executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

GUARANTOR:
SOUTHWESTERN ENERGY COMPANY


By:____/s/ GREG D. KERLEY__________
Name:
Greg D. Kerley
Title:
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer


9



