
EX-10
2
2013_09_30_10_Exhibit_10_2.htm









 









 






Exhibit 10.2

 

TERMINATION OF CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP

AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

This TERMINATION OF
CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”)
is entered into by and between Concho Resources Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Company”),
and Steven L. Beal (“Consultant”) (Company and Consultant are
referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties”). 

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Parties have
entered into that certain Consulting Agreement dated June 9, 2009 (the “Consulting
Agreement”); and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire
to terminate Consultant’s service relationship with Company under the
Consulting Agreement effective as of August 13, 2013 (the “Termination
Date”). 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in
consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter set forth, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree that, notwithstanding any
provision in the Consulting Agreement or any other agreement to the contrary:

Section 1.               
Definitions.  Capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are
not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms under the
Consulting Agreement.

Section 2.               
Termination of Consulting Relationship.  Effective as of the Termination Date, Consultant’s
service relationship with Company under the Consulting Agreement shall
terminate.  The Parties waive any requirement under the Consulting Agreement to
provide advance written notice of such termination prior to the effective date
thereof.  Termination of the service relationship under the Consulting
Agreement shall have no effect on Consultant’s (a) obligations under Section
1.B. of the Consulting Agreement (relating to confidentiality) from and after
the Termination Date and (b) membership on the Board from and after the
Termination Date.  Consultant expressly acknowledges and agrees that he has
received all compensation to which he is entitled under the Consulting
Agreement through the date hereof, and that he is not entitled to any additional
compensation or benefits under the Consulting Agreement (including in
connection with the termination of the service relationship as provided herein)
other than with respect to compensation under Section 5.A. of the Consulting
Agreement for the period from the date hereof and ending on the Termination
Date.

Section 3.               
Release. 

(a)           In consideration
for Company’s payment to Consultant of a lump sum cash payment in the amount of
$720,000.00 within five business days after the date this Agreement becomes
irrevocable pursuant to Section 5(f) hereof (or, if later, on the Termination
Date), Consultant hereby releases and discharges Company, its subsidiaries and
affiliates, and all past, present and future stockholders, members, partners,
directors, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, heirs, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of Company, its subsidiaries and
affiliates, as well as all employee benefit plans maintained by such entities
and all fiduciaries and administrators of any such plan, in their personal and
representative capacities (collectively the “Released Parties”),
from liability for, and hereby waives, any and all claims, rights, damages, or
causes of action of any kind or nature whatsoever, including but not limited to
those related to Consultant’s consulting or other relationship with any
Released Party, the termination of any such relationship, and any other acts or
omissions related to any matter on or prior to the date Consultant signs this
Agreement (collectively, the “Released Claims”).  The Released
Claims include, without limitation, those arising under or related to:  (i) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of
1967, as amended; (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended;
(iii) the Civil Rights Act of 1991, as amended; (iv) Sections 1981 through 1988
of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended; (v) the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; (vi) the Immigration Reform Control
Act, as amended; (vii) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended;
(viii) the National Labor Relations Act, as amended; (ix) the Occupational
Safety and Health Act, as amended; (x) the Family and Medical Leave Act of
1993, as amended; (xi) any state or federal anti-discrimination law; (xii) any
state or federal wage and hour law; (xiii) any other local, state or federal
law, regulation or ordinance; (xiv) any public policy, contract, tort, or
common law claim; (xv) costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys’ fees
incurred in these matters; (xvi) the Consulting Agreement or any other
consulting contract, employment contract, incentive compensation plan or equity
ownership plan with any Released Party or any ownership interest in any
Released Party; and (xvii) compensation or benefits of any kind from any
Released Party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Released
Claims include (A) any claim that arises after the date Consultant signs this
Agreement, (B) any rights to indemnification to which Consultant may be
entitled as a former officer of Company and as a non-employee member of the
Board, (C) any rights to compensation and benefits to which Consultant may be
entitled as a non-employee member of the Board, or (D) any claims for the
payment to be provided to Consultant under this Agreement.  Further, 






 






 







 






Consultant does not waive the right to make a claim to a
government agency but does waive any right to any monetary or other award
provided by any such government agency.

(b)           This release of liability is not intended to indicate that
any Released Claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are
meritorious.  Rather, Consultant is simply agreeing that, in exchange for
the consideration provided pursuant to this Agreement, any and all potential
claims of this nature that Consultant may have against the Released Parties,
regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised
and waived. 

(c)           By
signing this Agreement, Consultant is bound by it.  Anyone who succeeds to
Consultant’s rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of
Consultant’s estate, is also bound by this Agreement.  This release also
applies to any claims brought by any person or agency on behalf of any class
with respect to which Consultant may have a right or benefit.  THIS RELEASE
INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS
OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT, INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY, OF ANY OF THE RELEASED
PARTIES.

Section 4.               
Covenant Not To Sue.  Consultant agrees not to bring or join any lawsuit
against any of the Released Parties in any court relating to any of the
Released Claims.  Consultant represents that Consultant has not brought or
joined any lawsuit or arbitration against any of the Released Parties in any
court or before any arbitral authority and has made no assignment of any rights
Consultant has asserted or may have against any of the Released Parties to any
person or entity, in each case, with respect to any Released Claims. 

Section 5.               
Acknowledgments of Consultant.  In connection with the execution of this Agreement,
Consultant makes the following representations, acknowledgements and explicit
statements of agreement:

(a)           Consultant
represents that Consultant has the capacity to read this Agreement, understand
its language, meaning and effect, and consents to the execution of this
Agreement.  Consultant further represents that he has carefully read this
Agreement.

(b)           Consultant
acknowledges that Consultant would not otherwise have been entitled to the
payment described in the first sentence of Section 3(a) hereof and that Company
has agreed to provide such consideration partially in return for Consultant’s
agreement to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.

(c)           Consultant
acknowledges and represents that Company has advised and hereby advises
Consultant in writing to discuss both the form and content of this Agreement
with an attorney before Consultant signs this Agreement, and that Consultant
has had adequate opportunity to do so.

(d)           Consultant fully
understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement; the only promises
made to Consultant to sign this Agreement are those stated herein; and
Consultant is signing this Agreement voluntarily and of Consultant’s own free
will, and that Consultant understands and agrees to each of the terms of this
Agreement.

(e)           Consultant has
been given at least twenty-one (21) days to review this Agreement before
executing it.  

(f)            Notwithstanding
the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Consultant may revoke the delivery
(and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period
beginning on the date Consultant delivers this Agreement to Company (such
seven-day period being referred to herein as the “Release Revocation
Period”).  To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed
by Consultant and must be delivered to the General Counsel of Company before
11:59 p.m., Midland, Texas time, on the last day of the Release Revocation
Period.  If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and
time frame, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and
void ab initio.  No consideration shall be paid if this Agreement is
revoked by Consultant in the foregoing manner.   

Section 6.               
Miscellaneous.  This Agreement is entered into under, and shall be
governed for all purposes by, the laws of the state of Texas.  This Agreement
may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same
agreement.  Company may withhold from any benefits and payments made pursuant
to this Agreement all federal, state, city and other taxes as may be required
pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling.  The section headings
have been inserted for purposes of convenience and shall not be used for interpretive
purposes.  In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the
Consulting Agreement, this Agreement shall control.  Any modification of this
Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the Party to
be charged.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have
duly executed this Agreement as of the dates indicated below, to be effective
as provided in Section 5(f) above.

 

 








 






 







 






CONCHO RESOURCES INC.

 

 

By:  /s/
C. William Giraud                                                  

 C.
William Giraud, Senior Vice President

 and
Chief Commercial Officer

 

Date:
August 14, 2013

 

 

CONSULTANT

 

 

/s/
Steven L. Beal                                                                                

Steven
L. Beal

 

Date:
August 14, 2013

 










 






 

