
EX-10
2
Exhibit10_1.htm
EX-10.1





 
Exhibit 10.1 
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF GRADY COUNTY 
STATE OF OKLAHOMA 
    
 


   
      JAMES A. DRUMMOND and
   
      )
   
         

   
      MARK PARRISH, Personal Representative
   
      )
   
         

   
      of the Estate of CHRIS PARRISH,
   
      )
   
         

   
         
   
      )
   
         

   
      Plaintiffs,
   
      )
   
         

   
         
   
      )
   
         

   
      v.
   
      )
   
      Case No. CJ-2010-510

   
         
   
      )
   
         

   
      RANGE RESOURCES CORPORATION,
   
      )
   
         

   
      RANGE RESOURCES-MIDCONTINENT,
   
      )
   
         

   
      LLC and RANGE PRODUCTION
   
      )
   
         

   
      COMPANY,
   
      )
   
         

   
         
   
      )
   
         

   
      Defendants.
   
      )
   
         
     
STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF SETTLEMENT 
This Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (hereinafter the “Settlement Agreement” or “Stipulation”) is entered into between James A. Drummond and Mark Parrish as Personal Representative of the Estate of Chris Parrish,1 on behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated (“Plaintiffs” or “Class Representatives”), and Range Resources Corporation, Range Resources-Midcontinent, LLC, and Range Production Company (separate legal entities collectively referred to as “Range” for convenience).   Class Representatives and Range are referred to collectively as the “Parties” or “Settling Parties.”  The Settlement contemplated by this Settlement Agreement is conditioned on the approval of the Court, as required by Okla. Stat. tit. 12, § 2023, as more fully described below: 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, the above-styled action was originally filed on December 27, 2010 in Grady County, Oklahoma (the “Litigation” or “Action”), where it is currently pending; 
WHEREAS, Plaintiff has made certain claims against Range, as more fully described in the Petition; 
WHEREAS, Class Representatives and Class Counsel have prosecuted this Action for over two years, which has included discovery of documents and data, research, accounting review and analysis, depositions of Range employees, consultation with and preparation of expert witnesses, settlement negotiations among counsel, land and lease record review and analysis, engineering review and analysis, damage modeling, and other investigations and preparation; 
WHEREAS, Class Representatives and Class Counsel acknowledge that during the course of their prosecution of this Action, they have received, examined, and analyzed information, documents, and materials they deem necessary and appropriate to enable them to enter into this Settlement Agreement on a fully-informed basis, and after such examination and analysis, and based on the experience of Class Counsel and the expert witnesses and consultants, Class Representatives and Class Counsel have concluded the terms and conditions of this Settlement Agreement are fair, reasonable, adequate and in the best interests of the Class.  Class Representatives agreed to settle the claims asserted in the Litigation pursuant to this Stipulation after considering the (i) substantial benefits Class Members will receive from resolution of the Litigation, (ii) risks of further litigation, and (iii) desirability of permitting the Settlement to be consummated as provided by the terms of this Stipulation; 
WHEREAS, all Parties to this Settlement Agreement agree that further prosecution and defense of the Action would be protracted and expensive, have taken into account the uncertainty and risks inherent in any such litigation, and have determined that it is desirable to compromise and settle all claims in the Action;   
WHEREAS, the Parties have executed this Settlement Agreement solely to compromise and settle the Action for the reasons set forth herein; and 
    
 
 
 1  
 
 
1 On March 14, 2013, the Court granted the application of Mark Parrish, Personal Representative of the estate of Chris Parrish, deceased, to be substituted for Chris Parrish in this Action. 
WHEREAS, Range believes that it has properly paid its royalty owners and for that reason Range has denied, and continues to deny, any and all liability to Class Representatives, the Class, and Class Counsel. 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the payments, mutual promises, agreements, undertakings, releases, and other terms and provisions of this Settlement Agreement, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by all Parties hereto, Range and Class Representatives, on behalf of themselves and the Class, stipulate and agree as follows, subject to the approval of the Court, without admission of any liability or wrongdoing, and in consideration of the benefits flowing to the Parties as set forth herein, that all Released Claims (defined below) shall be fully, finally and forever compromised, settled, released and discharged and the Litigation shall be dismissed with prejudice, upon and subject to the following terms and conditions. 
1.  DEFINITIONS 
As used throughout this Settlement Agreement, the Plan of Allocation and Distribution Order and all other documents attached hereto, the following phrases and words will be given the meanings set forth below: 
1.1  “Administration, Notice and Distribution Costs” means the reasonable and necessary: (1) fees, costs and expenses generated or incurred in the administration, distribution, notification or other aspects of implementing the Settlement (except those described in subparagraph (9) of this paragraph 1.1); (2) fees, costs and expenses associated with the Settlement Administrator (if any) retained by the Settling Parties in conjunction with the administration, distribution, notification or other aspects of implementing the Settlement; (3) fees, costs and expenses associated with the Escrow Agent or Escrow Account (if any) utilized by the Settling Parties in conjunction with the administration, distribution, notification or other aspects of implementing the Settlement; (4) fees, costs and expenses associated with any expert(s) retained by Range in conjunction with the administration, distribution, notification or other aspects of implementing the Settlement; (5) fees, costs and expenses incurred to identify the names, addresses and tax identification numbers of members of the Class; (6) fees, costs and expenses incurred to publish and mail the Notice of Settlement to the Class (including, but not limited to, the cost to print the Notices, mail the Notices, and publish the Notices pursuant to the Plan of Notice); (7) fees, costs and expenses to prepare, issue and mail (and re-issue and re-mail, if necessary) the Distribution Checks to the members of the Class; (8) fees, costs and expenses to provide a reconciliation of the Distribution Checks issued, cashed, returned and which become stale-dated; and (9) fees, costs, expenses incurred by Class Counsel and/or Class Representatives (including the fees, costs and expenses of experts or other personnel retained by Class Representatives or Class Counsel) for the administration, distribution, notification or other aspects of assuring themselves that the Settlement is implemented.  Subject to Court approval, Class Counsel and Class Representatives shall have the right to recover, out of the Class’s share of the Settlement Fund, all fees, costs, and expenses listed in subsection (9) of this paragraph (in addition to recovering all other fees, costs and expenses they incurred on behalf of the Class).  Range shall bear all other administration, distribution, notification or other fees, costs and expenses, including those listed in subsections (1)-(8) of this paragraph; provided, however, that to the extent any residual or unclaimed funds remain in the Escrow Account after distribution has otherwise been completed, Range shall, pursuant to Court order, be reimbursed from such funds for the out-of-pocket costs incurred by Range under this paragraph. 
1.2  “Case Contribution Award” means the award ordered by the Court, if any, to Class Representatives for their time, expense and/or participation in this Litigation. 
1.3  “Claim Period” means the times during and for which the Class is making claims relating to the Class Wells.  The Claim Period commences separately for each Class Well on the earlier of either:  (i) the date on which Range began operating or separately marketing gas and its constituents from that Class Well, or (ii) the effective date from which Range is alleged to have assumed the liability of a predecessor entity or assignor for alleged royalty underpayment, but not prior to the date that predecessor entity or assignor operated or separately marketed the gas and its constituents.  The Claim Period ends for each Class Well on the earlier of either:  (i) the date on which Range stopped operating or separately marketing gas and its constituents from that Class Well, (ii) the effective date of the assignment by Range to an unaffiliated successor entity and any other entities to whom Range sold its interests in Class Wells, with effective dates of sale being those set forth in the respective purchase and sale agreements, or (iii) May 31, 2013.   No claims are released related to production that occurs after May 31, 2013. 
1.4  “Class Action Litigation” and/or “Litigation” and/or “Action” means that class action pending in the District Court of Grady County, Oklahoma, styled and numbered:  James A. Drummond and Chris Parrish v. Range Resources Corporation, Range Resources-Midcontinent, LLC, and Range Production Company, Case No. CJ-2010-510. 
 
 
 2  
 
 
1.5  “Class Leases” means all oil and gas leases covering any mineral interest in land on which one or more Class Wells are located, either directly or as part of an Oklahoma Corporation Commission designated Unit or other unit or communitization agreement, and where one or more Class Members are the royalty owners under the lease(s) during all or part of the Claim Period for the Class Well(s) associated with the lease(s).  Additionally, the term “Class Leases” includes “Class Force Pooled Royalty Interests,” which, used separately, means the royalty interest of Class Members created under the terms of Oklahoma Corporation Commission (OCC) force pooling orders to the extent such force pooled royalty interest relates to Class Members during the Claim Period for Class Well(s). 
1.6  “Class Member” or “Class” means a royalty owner within the description of the Class in the Class Action Litigation and who has not filed a Request for Exclusion (subsection 1.29) in response to the Notice of Class Certification and Notice of Settlement.  Based on prior review by Range, Class Counsel and their experts, and by approval of the Court, Class Members will be assumed to be those persons in the most recent and reasonably available royalty pay deck during the Claim Period for each Class Well after first excluding persons who have opted out of the Class or are excluded under the terms of the class definition.  The Class is more specifically described as follows: 
All non-excluded persons or entities who are or were royalty owners in Oklahoma wells where Range, including its predecessors or affiliates, is or was the operator (or, as a non-operator, Range separately marketed gas). The Class Claims relate only to payment for gas and its constituents (helium, residue gas, natural gas liquids, nitrogen and condensate) produced from the wells. The Class does not include overriding royalty owners or other owners who derive their interest through the oil and gas lessee. 
The persons or entities excluded from the Class are: (1) agencies, departments or instrumentalities of the United States of America and the State of Oklahoma; (2) publicly traded oil and gas exploration companies and their affiliates; and (3) persons or entities that Class Counsel is, or may be prohibited from representing under Rule 1.7 of the Oklahoma Rules of Professional conduct. 
1.7  “Class Wells” means every oil and gas well that Range or its predecessors have operated or separately marketed gas from in the State of Oklahoma.  The Settling Parties have attempted to prepare a complete list of Class Wells and their Claim Periods in Exhibit 1, attached hereto.  The claims on Class Wells are only settled for the Claim Period(s) for each Class Well.  However, in the event there is any mistake as to the Class Well name or description, or if a Class Well has been mistakenly omitted, that name or description may be subsequently corrected by agreement of the parties or Order of the Court, without further notice to the Class.  The list of Class Wells shown in the attached exhibit also show in relation to each well the percentage of the Net Settlement Proceeds attributable to each Class Well that has been determined by Class Counsel.  Exhibit 1 has been prepared based on the electronic accounting data and gas marketing data provided by Range through discovery in this Action, and production data obtained from the State of Oklahoma and other third parties.   Range represents the records it provided are kept in the ordinary course of Range’s business operations and, to Range’s knowledge, represent the best information available to Range concerning the Class Wells.  However, the data may include clerical and other inadvertent mistakes. The definitions of the Class (subsection 1.6) and Claim Period (subsection 1.3) for each Class Well are controlling for all purposes over the information contained in Exhibit 1. 
1.8  “Court” means the Honorable Richard VanDyck, District Court of Grady County, Oklahoma.    
1.9  “Defendant” and/or “Range” means Range Resources Corporation, Range Resources-Midcontinent, LLC, and Range Production Company, the Defendants in this Action. 
1.10  “Distribution Check” means a check payable to a Class Member who does not opt-out of this Settlement, or who is not otherwise excluded by order of the Court, for the purpose of paying that Class Member’s share of the Net Settlement Fund payable to such Class Member pursuant to the Class Distribution Order. 
1.11  “Effective Date” means the first date by which all of the events and conditions specified in Paragraph 1.15 of this Stipulation have been met, have been waived, or have occurred, as set forth in that paragraph. 
1.12  “Escrow Account” means an interest-bearing account maintained by the Escrow Agent. 
1.13  “Escrow Agent” means the escrow agent appointed and approved by the Court. 
1.14  “Escrow Agreement” means the agreement(s) between Class Counsel (on behalf of Class Representatives and the Class) and the Escrow Agent setting forth the terms under which the Escrow Agent shall maintain the Escrow Account in accordance with this Stipulation. 
 
 
 3  
 
 
1.15  “Final” when referring to the Judgment (subsection 1.18), means the later of:  (i) if there is an appeal from the Judgment, the date of final affirmance on appeal and the expiration of the time for any further judicial review whether by appeal, reconsideration, or a petition for a writ of certiorari and, if a writ of certiorari is granted, the date of final affirmance of the Judgment following review pursuant to the grant; or (ii) the expiration of the time for the filing or noticing of any appeal from the Judgment.  No appeal or proceeding seeking judicial review pertaining solely to (a) Court approval of the Plan of Allocation; and/or (b) the Court’s award of attorneys’ fees, Case Contribution Awards, costs or expenses shall affect whether the Judgment becomes Final or the timing thereof. 
1.16  “Final Fairness Hearing” means the hearing set by the Court under Okla. Stat. tit. 12 § 2023(E) of the Oklahoma Rules of Civil Procedure to consider final approval of the Settlement. 
1.17  “Gross Settlement Fund” means the Settlement Amount (subsection 1.31), plus any interest on or other income or gains in respect of that amount earned while such amount is held by the Escrow Agent. 
1.18  “Judgment” means the Order Approving Class Action Settlement and Judgment of Grady County, Oklahoma, finally approving the Settlement between the Class and Range, which shall include provisions substantially as set forth in paragraph 3.5 herein and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2. 
1.19  “Litigation Expenses” means the reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Class Counsel in commencing and prosecuting the Litigation. 
1.20  “Net Settlement Amount” has the same meaning as “Net Settlement Fund(s)” and “Net Settlement Proceeds” and means the Gross Settlement Fund less: (1) Class Counsel’s Fees and Litigation Expenses, (2) any Case Contribution Award awarded by the Court; (3) any Administration, Notice and Distribution Costs incurred by Class Counsel and/or Class Representatives under subsection 1.1(9) as allowed by the Court; and (4) any other expenses that the Court orders to be deducted from the Settlement Amount.  Subject to paragraph 1.1, Range’s costs of Administration, Notice and Distribution are not to be deducted from the Net Settlement Amount.   
1.21  “Notice of Settlement” means the Notice of Pendency of Class Action and Proposed Settlement, Final Approval Hearing, and Motion for Attorney’s Fees and Reimbursement of Litigation Expenses to the Class Members in substantially the form of Exhibit 3 attached hereto and the Summary Notice of Settlement for Publication in substantially the form of Exhibit 4 attached hereto. 
1.22  “Petition” means the original Petition filed with the Court on December 27, 2010. 
1.23  “Plaintiffs” or “Class Representatives” means James A. Drummond and Mark Parrish, as Personal Representative of the Estate of Chris Parrish (see footnote 1), who the Court appointed as Class Representatives in its February 19, 2013 Order Granting Plaintiffs’ Motion for Class Certification.   
1.24  “Plaintiffs’ Counsel” or “Class Counsel” means the law firms of Barnes & Lewis, LLP (“B&L”) and Nix, Patterson & Roach, LLP (“NPR”).  The Court appointed B&L and NPR as Class Counsel in its February 19, 2013 Order Granting Plaintiffs’ Motion for Class Certification. Additionally, the law firm of Park, Nelson, Caywood, Jones, LLP is also Plaintiffs’ Counsel with B&L and NPR. 
1.25  “Plan of Allocation” means the proposed plan of allocation and/or any order(s) entered by the Court authorizing and directing that the Net Settlement Fund be allocated and distributed, in whole or in part, to the members of the Class who do not opt-out of this Settlement, or who are not otherwise excluded by order of the Court.   
1.26  “Preliminary Approval Order” means the order (substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 5) to be entered by the Court preliminarily approving the Settlement and directing that the Notice of Settlement be provided to the Class as set forth therein. 
 
 
 4  
 
 
1.27  “Released Claims” include all claims associated with the marketing of and calculation and reporting of royalty on gas and its constituents (including helium, residue gas, natural gas liquids, nitrogen and condensate) during the Claim Period for each Class Well.  The Released Claims include those set out in the Petition, including: (1) that Range underpaid royalty as a result of direct or indirect deductions from royalty associated with marketing, gathering, compressing, dehydrating, treating, processing, including plant and compressor fuel, and similar services with respect to gas and its constituents; (2) that Range improperly paid royalty based on proceeds received from sale of the gas and gas constituents under “percentage of proceeds” (“POP”) or similar contracts; (3) that Range underpaid royalty by not paying royalty on gas used off the lease, gas used for gas plants, and gas used in the manufacture of products (fuel gas); (4) that Range failed to pay or underpaid royalty on drip gas or condensate that was separated from the gas stream in the gathering system or gas plant; (5) that Range underpaid royalty by not paying royalty on the full value (before deduction of any costs) of residue gas and natural gas liquids that were part of the gas stream at the wellhead gas meter; (6) that Range misled Class Members in monthly royalty payments as to the amount and nature of deductions from royalty on gas and gas constituents; (7) that Range violated fiduciary duties to the Class Members; (8) that Range failed to provide all of the information required by the Oklahoma Production Revenue Standards Act (PRSA) on monthly check stubs, and otherwise failed to comply with the PRSA; (9) that Range failed to make diligent efforts to secure the best terms available for the sale of gas and its constituents; (10) that Range failed to account to Class Members for the full value of the production, including all deductions and reductions from the value of production, and including prior adjustments called for on the Class Members’ open accounts with Range; and (11) that Range is liable to Class Members for breach of contract, tortious breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, actual fraud, constructive fraud, deceit, conversion, conspiracy, unjust enrichment/disgorgement, accounting, punitive damages, statutory interest and penalties under the PRSA or otherwise, and fees (attorney fees, expert fees and litigation costs) under the PRSA.  The Released Claims also include all other legal theories that, based on the facts alleged in the Petition, could have been asserted as to royalties payable and the reporting of royalties by Range on the production of gas and its constituents from the Class Wells during the Claim Period(s), except to the extent described in the next paragraph. 
The Released Claims do not include royalty paid by Range as a pass-through agent for “take-in-kind” working interest owners pursuant to 52 O.S. 570.4(B), for which the Parties agree Range has no liability.  The Released Claims do not include any claims associated with production that occurs after May 31, 2013.  The Released Claims also specifically do not include: (a) royalty payment adjustments made or to be made in the ordinary course of business; (b) claims that Range is obligated to make routine prior period adjustments for clerical or administrative errors concerning prices actually received, volumes actually sold or produced, or decimal interest designations of the type that historically have been addressed by Range by way of prior-period adjustments, but only to the extent that Range in fact received, or receives, a retroactive price, volume or value adjustment; (c) claims to money held in suspense by Range as of the release date; (d) claims that Range failed to comply with obligations to protect the Class Members from drainage; (e) and/or claims that Range breached obligations to the Class Members to develop Oklahoma oil and gas leases.  “Class Claims” shall have the same meaning as “Released Claims.”  The Parties agree that the Settlement Cash Amount does not include any payment for underpaid royalties from Class Wells sold by Range to other parties for production that has occurred from and after the effective date such Class Wells were sold by Range to such other party or parties. 
1.28  “Released Parties” means Range, and all past and present parents, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, consultants, servants, stockholders, representatives, subsidiaries, predecessor entities of, and affiliated successor entities to Range.  Released Parties shall also include the assignor of any Class Wells for which Range has assumed the assignor’s liability for any alleged royalty underpayment, but only as to Class Claims with respect to such assigned Class Wells during the Claim Period.  Other working interest owners in Class Wells also constitute Released Parties, but only to the extent Range, as well operator, marketed gas and its constituents and paid royalty on behalf of such other working interest owners during the Claim Period(s).  No claims are released against other working interest owners to the extent they separately marketed gas from Class Wells.  No claims are released as to gas marketed for Range by third-party operators not affiliated with Range; however, the Class and all Class Members covenant not to sue the Released Parties for any alleged royalty underpayment with respect to such gas and its constituents marketed by others during the Claim Period for any Class Well.  The Class does not release Range’s assignees in Class Wells for any claims occurring or arising after the Claim Period(s) for any well(s) so assigned to any assignee.  Released Parties do not include any entity to whom Range has sold any of the Class Wells (and associated Class Leases and Class Force Pooled Royalty Interests) for any claims occurring or arising after the Claim Period(s) for any Class Well(s) sold to any such entity.  Further, notwithstanding any language herein to the contrary, Released Parties do not include any non-affiliated company to whom Range sold Class Wells, for any claims relating to underpaid royalty on production that has occurred from and after the effective date such Class Wells were sold by Range to such other company. 
1.29  “Request for Exclusion” means any request for exclusion from the Class pursuant to Okla. Stat. tit. 12, § 2023. 
1.30  “Settlement Administrator” means, subject to approval and appointment by the Court, the person or entity who shall administer the Settlement. 
 
 
 5  
 
 
1.31  “Settlement Amount” has the same meaning as “Settlement Cash Amount,” “Settlement Funds,” or “Settlement Proceeds” and means the total cash amount of $87,500,000.00, to be paid by Range in settlement of all Released Claims on Class Wells for the Claim Period(s) for Class Members who have not opted out of the Class, or who have not been otherwise excluded by an order of the Court, for all alleged deductions or reductions from the values and/or volumes of the gas and its constituents and all alleged royalty underpayments with respect thereto, as alleged by Class Representatives, and all related damages alleged to be potentially recoverable in conjunction therewith, plus interest. “Settlement Amount,” “Settlement Cash Amount,” “Settlement Funds” and/or “Settlement Proceeds” does not include those Administration and Distribution Costs as defined in subsections (1) through (8) of paragraph 1.1, which shall be performed at the sole expense of Range. 
1.32  “Settling Parties” or “Parties” means (i) Class Representatives on behalf of themselves and the Class Members, and (ii) Range. 
2.  CONSIDERATION 
2.1  The Settling Parties agree, subject to final approval of the Court, to settle the claims in this case for the cash sum of $87,500,000.00, to be paid by Range to the Class.  In consideration of the Settlement, Range shall pay or cause to be paid the Settlement Amount in cash into the Escrow Account within five (5) business days after the later of (i) entry of the Preliminary Approval Order, or (ii) receipt by Range of information from Class Representative necessary to effectuate a transfer of funds, including wiring instructions to include the bank name and ABA routing number, account name and number, and a signed W-9 reflecting a valid taxpayer identification number for the qualified settlement fund in which the Escrow Account has been established.  Range shall not be responsible for any interest so long as the full Settlement Amount is paid within the prescribed period.  If the full Settlement Amount is not paid by Range within the period set forth in this paragraph, Range shall be responsible for interest on any unpaid amount from the end of the prescribed period forward at twelve percent (12%) compounded annually until paid into the Escrow Account.  Upon paying the Settlement Amount required hereunder, Range shall have no further obligation to make any further payment to the Class for any of the Released Claims, unless the Settlement is not finally approved, at which point the Parties will return to their pre-Settlement positions.  The Settlement Amount and any accrued interest will be refunded to Range if the Settlement is not finally approved.  Any accrued interest on the Escrow Account is for the benefit of the Gross Settlement Fund, unless the Settlement is not finally approved. 
2.2  The Settlement Amount shall not be reduced due to (1) the inability to locate any Class Member or (2) the existence of royalty owned by any non-class member(s). 
2.3  The Class Members who participate in this Settlement agree, in exchange for the cash Settlement Cash Amount, to give the Mutual Release, Dismissal with prejudice and Covenant Not to Sue described in Section 4, below, and the other valuable consideration provided herein. 
3.  PLAN OF NOTICE AND COURT APPROVALS 
3.1  No later than three (3) business days after this Stipulation is executed by the Parties, and in no event later than June 30, 2013, Class Representatives and Range will file a joint motion with the Court seeking Preliminary Approval of Settlement, which shall include a Preliminary Approval Order, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 5, preliminarily approving the Settlement, directing that Notice be provided to the Class as set forth therein, and scheduling a Final Fairness Hearing. 
3.2  As soon as reasonably possible, and not more than 30 days after entry of the Preliminary Approval Order, Range will mail or caused to be mailed the Notice of Settlement by first class mail to all Class Members who can be identified.  On wells currently operated by Range, the Notice of Settlement will be mailed to Class Members using the most current royalty pay deck available to Range.   For Non-Operated wells, Range will mail the Notice of Settlement based on the most current royalty owner names and addresses reasonably available to Range from the well operator.  For wells that have been sold or are no longer producing, Range will mail the Notice of Settlement to the last known royalty owners based on electronic data reasonably available from Range data.  However, if Range is unable through reasonable efforts to obtain current royalty owner names and addresses for Non-Operated wells, or wells that have been sold or no longer producing, Range will publish or cause to be published the Notice of Settlement as described below.  On or before the tenth business day, after the mailing of notice begins, Range also shall publish or cause to be published the summary Notice of Settlement one time in each of the following newspapers: (1) The Oklahoman, a paper of general circulation in Oklahoma, (2) The Tulsa World, a paper of general circulation in Oklahoma and (3) Chickasha Express-Star in Grady County, Oklahoma.  From approximately such tenth business day through the Final Fairness Hearing, the Settlement Administrator will also display or cause to be displayed on an Internet website dedicated to this Class Action Litigation the following documents:  (1) the Notice of Settlement; (2) the Petition, Answer, Order on Motion to Dismiss, Order Granting Plaintiff’s Motion for Class Certification; (3) this Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (including all exhibits to same), and (4) the Preliminary Approval Order. 
 
 
 6  
 
 
3.3  All objections to the Settlement, including, but not limited to, objections to the Settlement, Notice, Plan of Allocation, application for attorneys’ fees and/or Litigation Expenses and/or Case Contribution Award and/or expenses must be filed with (and received by) the Court and served into the hands of counsel for the Settling Parties as described more fully below and by the date and in the manner set by the Court in the Preliminary Approval Order and specified in the Notice, which shall state that objections must be filed with (and received by) the Court and served into the hands of counsel for the Settling Parties by 5:00 p.m cdt on August 15, 2013, unless such deadline is modified or extended by Order of the Court.  All Requests for Exclusion must be delivered into the hands of the Settlement Administrator as described more fully below and by the date and in the manner set by the Court in the Preliminary Approval Order and specified in the Notice, which shall state that all Requests for Exclusion must be delivered into the hands of the Settlement Administrator by 5:00 p.m cdt on August 15, 2013, unless such deadline is modified or extended by Order of the Court.  No later than twenty-one (21) calendar days prior to the Final Fairness Hearing, and unless the Settlement has otherwise been terminated pursuant to this Stipulation, Class Counsel and Class Representative shall move for (a) final approval of the Settlement pursuant to Okla. Stat. tit 12 § 23(E) of the Oklahoma Rules of Civil Procedure and (b) entry of a Judgment substantially in the form attached as Exhibit 2. 
3.4  Neither the Settling Parties, Class Representatives, the Class, Class Counsel, nor Range’s Counsel shall have any liability for failure of the Notice to the Class to reach one or more members of the Class. 
3.5  After Notice of Settlement is given in the manner directed by the Court, providing for notice of:  (a) the Court’s certification of the Class and preliminary approval of this Settlement Agreement; (b) the terms of the proposed settlement; (c) Class Members’ opportunity to opt-out and/or object to the proposed settlement; and, (d) Class Counsel’s request for Class Counsel’s Fees and Expenses (including Class Representative Fees and Expenses), the parties will request the Court to hold the Settlement Fairness Hearing as described in the Notice of Settlement, and then to enter Judgment approving the settlement between the Class Representatives, the Class, and Range and specifically approving all terms and provisions of this Settlement Agreement, including the Plan of Allocation and Distribution. The Judgment shall include substantially the following provisions: 
 


   
         
   
      (a)
   
      Approve the settlement between the Settlement Class and Range embodied in this Settlement Agreement, including the Plan of Allocation and Distribution, as fair, reasonable and adequate to each member of the Settlement Class within the meaning of 12 Okla. Stat. §2023;

   
         
   
      (b)
   
      Dismiss the Class Representatives’ claims in the Litigation with prejudice, but retain continuing jurisdiction to enforce the terms of the Settlement Agreement, including the entry of injunctive or other relief to enforce, implement, administer, construe and interpret the Settlement Agreement, and continuing jurisdiction over any challenge to the Settlement Agreement on any basis whatsoever;

   
         
   
      (c)
   
      Adjudge that the members of the Class have conclusively released all Released Claims against all Released Parties for the Claim Period (but not thereafter), contingent upon all payments having been made in accordance with this settlement;

   
         
   
      (d)
   
      Bar and permanently enjoin all members of the Class from prosecuting, commencing, or continuing any of the Released Claims against the Released Parties;

   
         
   
      (e)
   
      Include a finding that the settlement is fair, reasonable and was entered into between Range and the Class in good faith and without collusion, and in compliance with all due process and other Constitutional requirements of the United States and the State of Oklahoma;

   
         
   
      (f)
   
      Include a finding that, by agreeing to settle the Litigation, Range does not admit, and specifically denies, that the litigation could have been properly maintained as a contested class action, and specifically denies any and all liability to the Class, the Class Representatives and Class Counsel;

   
         
   
      (g)
   
      Include a finding that the Notice of the Settlement has been given as required by law, that all statutory and constitutional requirements have been met, and further, that the members of the Class have been afforded a reasonable opportunity to opt-out of and/or object to the settlement;

   
         
   
      (h)
   
      Include a finding and determination that there is no just reason to delay the finality of the judgment and order and, pursuant to 12 Okla. Stat. §994(A), an express direction for the filing of the judgment and order as a final judgment and order;

   
         
   
      (i)
   
      Order that certain documents designated as confidential by any party pursuant to the Protective Order in the Litigation shall be returned to the producing party in accordance with the Protective Order and the terms of the Settlement Agreement; and

   
         
   
      (j)
   
      Order that the settlement may never be used for any purpose in any subsequent litigation against Range other than to enforce the terms of this Settlement Agreement.
  
 
 7  
 
 
4.  MUTUAL RELEASE, DISMISSAL AND COVENANT NOT TO SUE 
4.1(a)   Upon the Effective Date, the Released Parties (as defined in paragraph 1.28 herein), individually and collectively, shall be fully, finally and forever released from the Released Claims (as defined in paragraph 1.27 herein) of the Class Members who do not opt out of the Class, and the Class Members who do not opt out of the Class shall be enjoined from asserting or prosecuting any Released Claims against any Released Parties. It is specifically understood that no claims related to production from any Class Well that occurs after May 31, 2013 is released by any Class Member.  It is further understood that claims related to each Class Well are only released for the the Claim Period of each such Class Well. 
4.1(b)    Upon the Effective Date, Range, on behalf of itself and its officers, directors, agents, successors and assigns, individually and collectively, (a) shall be deemed by operation of law to have fully, finally and forever released, relinquished, waived, discharged and dismissed any and all claims against Class Counsel (including Class experts and consultants), Plaintiffs’ Counsel Class Representatives and the Class regarding this litigation, the Released Claims, and/or any claim that Class Counsel, Plaintiffs’ Counsel, or Class Representatives acted in bad faith or had no basis for filing or prosecuting this matter; (b) shall be enjoined from asserting or prosecuting any such claims against same; and (c) agrees and covenants not to sue Class Counsel, Plaintiffs’ Counsel, Class Representatives and/or the Class on the basis of any such claims or to assist any third party in commencing or maintaining any suit related to any such claims.  In addition to the covenant not to sue in paragraph 1.20, the Settlement Class and all Class Members also covenant not to sue Range, and all past and present directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, consultants, servants, stockholders, representatives, subsidiaries, predecessor entities of, and affiliated successor entities to Range for any Class Claims which relate to production occurring during the Claim Period separately for each well i.e. the period of time for each Class Well when Range either marketed gas as the well operator or Range separately marketed gas from a well where Range was not the operator.  No release of any claims applies to gas (including all of its constituents) which is produced from any well after May 31, 2013. 
4.2  Upon final approval of the Settlement by the Court and payment of the Settlement Amount with accrued interest, if any, Class Representatives and the Class (with Court approval) will dismiss the Class Claims against Range with prejudice; however, all obligations arising from the Settlement shall survive until they are determined by the Court to have been fully performed, and the Court will retain exclusive jurisdiction of this Litigation and the Settling Parties for purposes of enforcing the Settlement and any issues associated therewith. 
5.  USE OF GROSS SETTLEMENT FUND AND PAYMENT OF TAXES 
5.1  Except as otherwise provided herein, the Gross Settlement Fund shall be used to pay any:  (i) taxes of any type that may be required to be withheld or paid from the Net Settlement Fund (“Taxes”); (ii) Case Contribution Awards approved by the Court; (iii) attorneys’ fees awarded by the Court; (iv) Litigation Expenses awarded by the Court; and (v) other Court-approved deductions including, but not limited to, any costs set forth pursuant to paragraph 1.1. 
5.2  Except as provided herein or pursuant to orders of the Court, the Gross Settlement Fund shall remain in the Escrow Account.  All funds held by the Escrow Agent shall be deemed to be in the custody of the Court and shall remain subject to the jurisdiction of the Court until such time as the funds shall be distributed or returned pursuant to the terms of this Settlement Agreement and/or further order of the Court.  Unless otherwise approved by the Court upon the application of Class Counsel, the Escrow Agent shall invest any funds in excess of U.S. $100,000 in United States Treasury Bills having maturities of ninety (90) days or less, or money market mutual funds comprised of investments secured by the full faith and credit of the United States Government, or an account fully insured by the United States Government Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).  Any funds held in escrow in an amount of less than U.S. $100,000 may be held in an interest-bearing account insured by the FDIC or money market mutual funds comprised of investments secured by the full faith and credit of the United States Government or fully insured by the United States Government.  All risks related to the investment of the Gross Settlement Fund shall be borne by the Gross Settlement Fund, and Range, Range’s counsel, Plaintiffs, Class Counsel and Plaintiffs’ Counsel shall not have any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from the investment thereof. 
 
 
 8  
 
 
5.3  The Settling Parties agree that the Gross Settlement Fund is intended to be a qualified settlement fund within the meaning of Treasury Regulation § 1.468B-1 and that the Settlement Administrator, as administrator of the Escrow Account Fund within the meaning of Treasury Regulation § 1.468B-2(k)(3), shall be solely responsible for filing or causing to be filed all informational and other tax returns as may be necessary or appropriate (including, without limitation, the returns described in Treasury Regulation § 1.468B-2(k)) for the Gross Settlement Fund.  Such returns shall be consistent with this paragraph and in all events shall reflect that all taxes on the income earned on the Gross Settlement Fund shall be paid out of the Gross Settlement Fund as provided herein. The Settlement Administrator shall also be solely responsible for causing payment to be made from the Gross Settlement Fund of any Taxes owed with respect to the Gross Settlement Fund.  The Settlement Administrator, as administrator of the Gross Settlement Fund within the meaning of Treasury Regulation §1.468B-2(k)(3), shall timely make such elections as are necessary or advisable to carry out this paragraph, including, as necessary, making a “relation back election,” as described in Treasury Regulation § 1.468B-1(j), to cause the qualified settlement fund to come into existence at the earliest allowable date, and shall take or cause to be taken all actions as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith. 
5.4  All such Taxes shall be paid out of the Gross Settlement Fund, and shall be timely paid by the Escrow Agent pursuant to the disbursement instructions set forth in the Escrow Agreement, and without prior Order of the Court.  Any tax returns prepared for the Gross Settlement Fund (as well as the election set forth therein) shall be consistent with the previous paragraph and in all events shall reflect that all Taxes (including any interest or penalties) on the income earned by the Gross Settlement Fund shall be paid out of the Gross Settlement Fund as provided herein.  The Gross Settlement Fund shall indemnify and hold all Released Parties, including but not limited to, Range’s Counsel and Class Counsel, harmless for any Taxes and related expenses of any kind whatsoever (including without limitation, taxes payable by reason of any such indemnification).  The Parties and their counsel shall notify the Escrow Agent promptly upon receipt of any notice of any claim for Taxes relating to the Gross Settlement Fund. 
5.5  All distributions shall be subject to any required federal or state income tax withholding, which the Settlement Administrator (or any entity distributing the settlement proceeds on its behalf) shall be entitled to withhold and pay to the appropriate taxing authorities; however, before withholding taxes and sending payments, the Settlement Administrator (or any entity distributing the settlement proceeds on its behalf), with the aid of Range, shall make reasonable efforts to: (a) locate current Class Member owners and (b) obtain Class Members’ tax identification numbers, where unknown, including making reasonable inquiry and sending form W-9 Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification to the best reasonably obtainable address of any Class Member whose taxpayer identification number is unknown. The Settlement Administrator (or any entity distributing the settlement proceeds on its behalf) shall provide 1099’s or other explanations of payments to Class Members sufficient to allow them to assure themselves that proper tax payments have been or can be made, or to allow them to submit requests for refunds. In the event distribution checks are not cashed or are returned to the Settlement Administrator, such that the Class Members do not receive payment of the amounts distributed, the Settlement Administrator (or any entity distributing the settlement proceeds on its behalf) shall make a request for refund to the taxing authority to whom any withheld taxes were paid on behalf of a Class Member who did not receive payment; provided, however, no such request for refund shall be necessary where the amount to be refunded is less than $10.00.  Subject to the foregoing, all withheld taxes on distribution amounts that were not received by Class Members, or on funds that were not distributed, will be subject to payment as determined by the Court, in accordance with the provisions of this settlement. 
5.6  Range continues to maintain for all purposes that its gas sales were arms-length at the point of delivery for such sales and that even if not arms-length, then such sales represented either market value or price received less allowable costs. 
5.7  All income taxes incurred on the part of the Class Members in connection with the implementation of this Settlement Agreement shall be reported and paid by the individual Class Members to the extent of their individual tax liability on proceeds they individually receive.  Except for amounts withheld by the Settlement Administrator (or any entity distributing amounts of its behalf), the individual Class Members are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes attributable to payments to them under this Settlement Agreement, and neither Class Counsel, Plaintiffs’ Counsel, Range, Range’s Counsel, the Settlement Fund, the Settlement Administrator, nor Class Representatives shall have any responsibility or liability whatsoever for any such payments. 
5.8  To the extent an appropriate taxing authority determines that any severance, gross production or other taxes or assessments, including applicable interest or penalties, may be due and payable by the Class Members on all or any portion of the Settlement Amount and provides notice of such determination to Range, then Range shall give written notice to the Class Members of such assessment, determination, or other inquiry by the taxing authority, as soon as reasonably practicable, so that the Class Members may have the opportunity to contest such an assessment.  The Parties agree that Range, Range’s Counsel and Class Counsel have no responsibility or liability for any gross production or severance taxes that may be due. 
 
 
 9  
 
 
5.9  In the event Range is required to pay any such taxes or assessments attributable to the Class Members, including any applicable interest or penalties, Range shall be entitled to recover from each Class Member that portion of such taxes or assessments, interest and penalties attributable to the portion of the Settlement Amount allocated to such Class Member by any lawful means available to Range, including offset from any future royalty or other payments or credits to the Class Member, whether or not related to the specific well, lease, or unit the taxes, interest or penalty relate to.  Neither Class Counsel nor Class Representatives shall have any responsibility or liability whatsoever for any such payments. 
5.10  Class Representatives and Range acknowledge that at this time they do not know what, if any, such gross production taxes or assessments are or may be due on the Settlement Cash Amount.  Before distribution of any funds to Class Members, Class Counsel and Class Representatives will make a reasonable determination, based upon other similar class action settlements, whether any gross production taxes are owed on behalf of the Class as a result of settlement, make a reasonable estimate of any such amount, if any, and pay such reasonable estimated amount of taxes should they be due.  Any such payment will be made with Court approval from the Gross Settlement Fund (after payment of fees and expenses) prior to final calculation of the distribution to Class Members; Class Counsel, Class Representatives, Range, Range’s Counsel, and the Settlement Administrator shall have no liability whatsoever for such payments.   Distribution of the Net Settlement Cash Amount is authorized to proceed once the Court has entered an order authorizing payment (if any) to the Oklahoma Tax Commission and such payment has been made.  Range will have no input in determining the amount of taxes payable by the Class or how the taxes will be paid from the Settlement Cash Amount, and likewise will not be bound in any respect by such determination or be attributed with any agreement as to whether the taxes paid by the Class are due or payable. 
5.11  Upon the Effective Date, except as otherwise provided in paragraphs 1.1 and 5.9 herein, Range will not have any right to the return of the Gross Settlement Fund or any portion thereof. 
5.12  Following entry of the Preliminary Approval Order, Class Counsel may cause to be paid from the Escrow Account without further approval from Range or further order of the Court reasonable Administration, Notice and Distribution Costs as set forth in Paragraph 1.1(9).  In the event the Settlement is terminated pursuant to the terms of this Stipulation, all Administration, Notice and Distribution Costs actually paid or incurred will not be returned or repaid to Range.  Prior to final approval of the Settlement, the amount that may be paid for Administration, Notice and Distribution Costs without further approval from Range or further order of the Court pursuant to this paragraph may not exceed $250,000.00. 
5.13  Except as provided in Section 6 hereof, the Released Parties shall have no responsibility for, interest in, or liability whatsoever with respect to the maintenance, investment or distribution of the Gross Settlement Fund, the establishment or maintenance of the Escrow Account, the terms or administration of any Plan of Allocation or of the determination, administration, or calculation of claims, the payment or withholding of Taxes, the distribution or disbursement of the Net Settlement Fund, the administration of the Settlement, or any other expenses or losses in connection with such matters.  Without limiting the foregoing, the Gross Settlement Fund shall be the sole source of Taxes, attorneys’ fees, Case Contribution Award and Litigation Expenses, and there shall be no recourse against Range, Range’s Counsel or Class Counsel for any such expenses.   
6.  CLAIMS ADMINISTRATION, ALLOCATION AND DISTRIBUTION OF NET SETTLEMENT FUND 
6.1  The Settlement Administrator shall administer the Settlement under Class Counsel’s supervision in accordance with this Stipulation and subject to the jurisdiction of the Court.  Range and Range’s Counsel shall cooperate in the administration of the Settlement to the extent reasonably necessary to effectuate its terms.  The Net Settlement Fund shall be distributed to Class Members according to the Plan of Allocation and Distribution Order, a proposed version of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 6, or according to such other plan of allocation and distribution order(s) as the Court approves.     
6.2  The allocation of the Net Settlement Fund among Class Members is a matter separate and apart from the proposed Settlement between the Settling Parties, and any decision by the Court concerning the Plan of Allocation shall not affect the validity or Finality of the Settlement.  Class Representative may not terminate the Stipulation or the Settlement based on this Court’s or any other court’s ruling with respect to the Plan of Allocation or any plan of allocation in the Litigation.  Further, after the issuance of any notice contemplated by this Settlement Agreement, or after the issuance of any notice ordered by the Court, the Plan of Allocation may be modified without any further notice being required. 
 
 
 10  
 
 
6.3  Range shall reasonably cooperate to provide all reasonably available data and other information: (i) reasonably necessary to complete the Settlement and (ii) available to Range from records to which Range has access or can reasonably and timely obtain through requests to others; provided, however, Range shall not be required to take legal action against any third party to obtain the requested information.  As soon as possible after preliminary approval of this Settlement by the Court, and in no event more than thirty (30) days after preliminary approval, Range shall provide Class Counsel in a readily usable electronic format with names, addresses, tax identification numbers and royalty decimal interests of Class Members on a well-by-well basis for currently producing wells operated by Range.  For all other Class Wells, Range will provide names, addresses, tax identification numbers and royalty decimal interests of Class Members on a well-by-well basis as soon as reasonably possible in a readily useable electronic format, but in no event more than sixty (60) days after preliminary approval, provided that Range is able to obtain the information from the operators of those Class Wells, and absent agreement by Class Counsel, order of the Court, or extraordinary circumstances preventing completion by that date.  To the extent possible, the data will be based on ownership as of March 2013, or the most recently available pay deck.  For clarification purposes, the reference to a specific month’s royalty pay deck means the royalty ownership determined in good faith by the well operator to apply to gas production proceeds for that particular month. The Parties recognize that, for some wells no longer producing, or previously sold, or operated by other companies, Range may not have and may not be able to obtain information necessary to identify Class Members in those wells.   If after using reasonable efforts the Parties and the Settlement Administrator are unable to identify the individual Class Members in such a well within 12 months after the Settlement is Final, the portion of the Net Settlement Fund allocated to those wells will be subject to reimbursement of Range’s out-of-pocket costs as described in paragraph 1.1. 
6.4  The Class Counsel shall, subject to Court approval, first allocate Net Settlement Fund to individual Class Wells proportionately, with due regard for the production marketed by Range on behalf of itself and/or other well owners, the amount and date of claimed royalty underpayment to Class Members, and each well’s Claim Period.  The allocation of the Net Settlement Fund among Class Wells as determined by Class Counsel is shown on Exhibit 1.  This allocation is subject to final approval by the Court.  Thereafter, the Settlement Administrator, with the aid of Range, will allocate the Net Settlement Fund for each Class Well proportionately among all Class Members based on their royalty decimal interest in such well using the March 2013 royalty pay deck (or the most current available royalty pay deck), subject to review and approval by Class Counsel, not to be unreasonably withheld, and the Court.   
6.5  It is recognized that on non-operated wells with current production, that the Settlement Administrator will either pay to the operator the settlement funds attributable to that non-operated Class Well for further distribution to royalty owners or make those payments directly.  On Range operated wells, the Settlement Administrator will pay settlement proceeds proportionately to royalty owners who are Class members and have not opted out based upon the March 2013 royalty pay deck for each well, or the most recently available pay deck.  In the case of non-operated wells without current production, Range will make reasonable commercial efforts to determine Class Member royalty owners (along with decimal interest and last known address) by contacting last known well operators.  If such information can be gathered, then the Settlement Administrator will make distribution to them.  However, if the information needed to make distribution cannot be obtained through such efforts, the portion of the Net Settlement Fund attributable to such Class Well will remain in the Escrow Account as part of the unclaimed amount, and may be used for reimbursement of Range’s out-of-pocket costs as described in paragraph 1.1.  The Settlement Administrator or either Party may, but are not required to, seek to have the Court require that such current operators distribute such funds to those current royalty owners who are Class Members, and neither party shall object to such a request.  In the event current operators are required to make distributions on the Class Wells they operate, then Range and the Settlement Administrator will provide assistance to the operators as reasonably required.  However, it is recognized that, on non-operated wells, it is the well operator (not Range) who has direct access to royalty owner pay decks.  All such distributions will be subject to review and approval by Class Counsel, not to be unreasonably withheld, and the Court.   
6.6  Returned or stale-dated Distribution Checks shall be reissued as necessary to ensure delivery to the appropriate Class Members by the Settlement Administrator, using commercially reasonable methods subject to review and approval by Class Counsel, not to be unreasonably withheld, and the Court.  To the extent that Class Members cannot be located, after all commercially reasonable efforts have been expended, the portion of the Net Settlement Proceeds attributable to them will remain in the Escrow Account for at least one year from the date that the Judgment becomes final.  Thereafter, such remaining funds will be considered to be residual unclaimed funds which may be used to reimburse Range for out-of-pocket costs incurred for Administration Notice and Distribution upon Court approval or be paid pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 6.13. 
 
 
 11  
 
 
6.7  Included with each Distribution Check shall be an enclosure that includes the following or substantially similar notice: 
TO: Class Member or Designated Royalty Distributor: The enclosed check represents a share of the net settlement proceeds in the Class Action James A. Drummond, et al. v. Range Resources-Midcontinent, LLC, et al., Case No. CJ-2010-510 in Grady County, Oklahoma. You are receiving this notice and check because: (l) you have been identified as a Class Member in this action, or (2) you are the designated royalty distributor pursuant to the Production Revenue Standards Act of a well you operate in which Range Resources Corporation, Range Resources-Midcontinent, LLC, or Range Production Company (collectively “Range”), or a predecessor or assignor of Range, currently and/or in prior periods, marketed its own gas.  If you are not legally entitled to the proceeds identified on the check apron, the Court has entered an Order that requires you to pay these proceeds to persons legally entitled thereto or return this check uncashed to the remitter of it.  If you are a designated royalty distributor, you are required to pay these proceeds to the current royalty owners in each of the wells identified on the check detail, and a copy of this notice should be included with the payment to each of the royalty owners. 
The distribution described above to Class Members is based on the assumption that very few sales of royalty interests have occurred. It has also been assumed that where sales did occur, it was the intent of the parties that the buyer was entitled to receive payment for past claims.  Finally, it has been assumed that where royalty interests passed through inheritance, devise or interfamily transfers, that it was the intent that the heir, or devisee or transferee also was entitled to receive payment for past claims.  To the extent that these assumptions are not correct in relation to particular transfers of interest, the Court has ordered that the Class Member who receives payment shall in turn make payment to the proper party or return this check uncashed to the remitter of it. 
The person to whom this check was originally made payable, and anyone to whom the check has been assigned by that person, has accepted this payment pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, Notice of Settlement, and Judgment related thereto, which releases, inter alia, Range and its past and present parents, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, consultants, servants, stockholders, representatives, subsidiaries, predecessor entities, and affiliated successor entities (but not entities to which Range assigned interests in Class Wells as to any claims occurring or arising after the Claim Period(s) for any well(s) sold to any such entity) from any and all Released Claims as defined in the Settlement Agreement.  Pursuant to the Order of the Court, it is the duty of the payee of the check to ensure that the funds are paid to the Class Member(s) entitled to the funds, and the release by Class Member(s) entitled to the funds shall be effective regardless of whether such Class Member(s) receive some, all, or none of the proceeds paid to a payee of a settlement check. 
This check shall be null and void if not endorsed and negotiated within ninety (90) days of its date.  The release of claims provided in the settlement shall be effective regardless of whether this check is cashed. 
6.8  Except as otherwise provided herein, upon the Settlement Agreement being finally approved by the Court and such final approval no longer being subject to appeal, and after Court approval of the Plan of Allocation, the Settlement Administrator will make prompt distribution of the Net Settlement Fund to the persons ordered by the Court to receive those funds, and Range shall bear all Administration, Notice and Distribution Costs except for those set forth in clause (9) of paragraph 1.1.  Subject to paragraphs 1.1, 6.12 and 6.13, to the extent that any part of the Net Settlement Fund becomes subject to the escheat statutes of various states, the Settlement Administrator will make payment to the appropriate governmental body upon Court approval.  The Settlement Administrator, with the aid of Range as called for herein, will make a diligent effort to make the first distributions within ninety (90) days of the Settlement becoming final and complete the distributions within 270 days to Class Members representing at least ninety-five percent (95%) of the Net Settlement Fund.  The remainder of the Net Settlement Fund will be distributed within one year of the Settlement becoming Final.  Any portion of the Net Settlement Fund remaining in the Escrow Account thereafter will be considered to be residual or unclaimed funds. 
6.9  Distributions will only be made based on an order of the Court, approved by Class Counsel and Class Representatives.  It is contemplated that distributions will be made in a series of waves so that payments to readily identifiable royalty owners are not unduly delayed. 
6.10  Range, Range’s Counsel, Plaintiffs’ Counsel, Class Counsel and Class Representatives shall have no liability to any Class Member for non-payment, mis-payment, over-payment, and/or under-payment. 
 
 
 12  
 
 
6.11  If any Class Member has been paid any portion of the Net Settlement Proceeds for any period of time for which that Class Member was not entitled to receive that payment, and some other person or entity who owned or claims to have owned the minerals during that time asserts a claim against any Released Party for payment of all or a portion of the settlement proceeds, or asserts a claim for an alleged underpayment of the royalty share or mineral owner’s share of such production that is based on what is defined herein as a Released Claim, then the Class Member who received an amount in excess of his share shall be liable for the payment of the amount he was overpaid to the person who is determined to have been properly owed that amount, and that Class Member shall indemnify any Released Party, Class Counsel and other members of the Class, or any Party to this Settlement Agreement against whom a claim is made, but only to the extent of any overpayment received by the indemnifying Class Member, interest thereon, and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. 
6.12  Upon completion of the distribution (including any necessary supplemental distributions) to the Class Members to the extent called for hereunder, and upon compliance with the Court’s order(s) in furtherance of this Settlement, Range and any Settlement Administrator will have satisfied all obligations relating to the distribution of the Net Settlement Fund.  Subject to paragraph 1.1 above concerning reimbursement of Notice and Administration Costs, Range or the Settlement Administrator, will then turn administration of any remaining monies in the Escrow Account over to Class Counsel for further administration and handling pursuant to paragraph 6.13. 
6.13  Any residual funds remaining in the Escrow Account after distribution has otherwise been completed, and Range has been reimbursed for out-of-pocket Administration, Notice, and Distribution Costs, as provided for elsewhere herein, and for which further distribution is not economically viable, shall pursuant to Court order be contributed to non-sectarian, not-for-profit, 501(c)(3) organization(s) recommended by Class Counsel and deemed by the Court, in its sound discretion, to be worthy of the funds. 
6.14  The Court shall retain jurisdiction to determine any issues relating to the payment and distribution of the Net Settlement Fund, and any claims relating thereto shall be determined by the Court alone, and shall be limited to a determination of the claimant’s entitlement to any portion of the Net Settlement Fund, and no consequential, punitive or other damages shall be awarded in any proceeding regarding any such determination. 
6.15  At such time as the Judgment becomes final and no longer being subject to appeal (or as otherwise provided herein), Class Representatives, Class Counsel and Range will promptly obtain the Court’s approval of a list of the names of Class Members who have not opted-out and to whom Distribution Checks are to be mailed, along with the amounts of the Distribution Check for each such Class Member.  The names, addresses, and amounts will be determined in accordance with this Section 6.  In relation to producing Class Wells that Range does not operate the Settling Parties may seek Court approval for payment of the funds to the current operator for further distribution to Class Members proportionately in the well.  At the direction of the Court, the Settlement Administrator will cause Distribution Checks to be issued and deposited in the United States mails, addressed to the addresses for members of the Class that are reasonably available to Range, or if approved by the Court, the operator of producing non-operated wells.  The Parties recognize that there may be a series of distribution orders since the identity of (and amount due to) Class Members will not be available for all Class Members at the same time. 
6.16  The Mutual Release, Dismissal, and Covenant Not to Sue shall be effective as provided in this Settlement Agreement, regardless of whether or not particular members of the Class did or did not receive payment from the Net Settlement Fund and regardless of whether any member of the Class who was obligated pursuant to the Judgment to pay some or all of the distributed funds to another Class Member in fact made such payment to such other Class Member.  The failure of a Class Member to make payment to another Class Member pursuant to the payment obligations of the Judgment shall not be a defense to enforcement of the Release of the Released Claims against the Released Parties or the Covenant Not to Sue, as to any Class Member. 
6.17  Neither Range, Range’s Counsel, Class Counsel, Plaintiffs’ Counsel, Class Representatives, nor the Class shall have any liability for loss of any portion of the Gross or Net Settlement Fund under any circumstances, except in the case of willful and intentional malfeasance of a dishonest nature directly causing such loss. 
7.  ATTORNEYS’ FEES, CASE CONTRIBUTION AWARDS   AND LITIGATION EXPENSES 
7.1  No later than twenty-one (21) calendar days prior to the Final Fairness Hearing, Class Counsel may apply to the Court for a collective award of attorneys’ fees to Class Counsel, Case Contribution Awards, and for reimbursement of Litigation Expenses.  Range shall take no position with respect to the amount of attorneys’ fees, Case Contribution Awards, or Litigation Expenses, or to whether the Court should make any or all such awards.  The Released Parties shall have no responsibility for and shall take no position with respect to the allocation among Class Counsel, nor will it encourage anyone to object thereto, and/or any other person or entity who may assert some claim thereto, of any award of attorneys’ fees or Litigation Expenses that the Court may make in the Litigation.   
 
 
 13  
 
 
7.2  Any attorneys’ fees and Litigation Expenses that are awarded by the Court shall be paid to Class Counsel from the Escrow Account, immediately upon award (but in no event before the entry of the Judgment), notwithstanding the existence of any timely filed objections thereto, or potential for appeal therefrom, or collateral attack on the Settlement or any part thereof; provided, however, that Class Counsel shall make appropriate refunds or repayments into the Escrow Account, plus accrued interest at the same net rate as is earned by the Gross Settlement Fund, if the Settlement is terminated pursuant to the terms of this Stipulation or if, as a result of any appeal or further proceedings on remand, or successful collateral attack, the award of attorneys’ fees and/or Litigation Expenses is reduced or reversed.  Class Counsel shall make the appropriate refund or repayment in full no later than fourteen (14) business days after receiving notice of the termination of the Settlement or notice of any reduction of the award of attorneys’ fees and/or Litigation Expenses.    
7.3  Any Case Contribution Awards that are awarded by the Court shall be paid to Class Representatives with the Court’s approval from the Escrow Account, on or after the Effective Date.   
7.4  An award of attorneys’ fees, Case Contribution Awards and/or Litigation Expenses is not a necessary term of this Stipulation and is not a condition of this Stipulation.  No decision by the Court or any court on any application for an award of attorneys’ fees, Case Contribution Awards or Litigation Expenses shall affect the validity or finality of the Settlement.  Class Representatives and Class Counsel may not cancel or terminate the Stipulation or the Settlement based on this Court’s or any appellate court’s ruling with respect to attorneys’ fees, Case Contribution Awards and/or Litigation Expenses. 
8.  “OPT-OUTS” 
8.1  Class Representatives shall not opt out of the Class, and neither the Class Representatives, Class Counsel, Range nor Range’s Counsel, nor anyone acting on behalf of said persons, shall encourage anyone else to opt out of the Class. Nevertheless, this Settlement Agreement does not prohibit Class Counsel from counseling any Class Member as to his, her, or its legal rights or prohibit any Class Member who seeks such counsel from the Class.2 
8.2  The Settlement Amount will not be reduced by any opt-outs constituting less than 5% by value of the Class.  Range has the unilateral right to reduce the Settlement Amount (and recover the reduced portion plus any interest attributable thereto) for any opt-outs constituting in excess of 5% by value of the Class.   
8.3  Class counsel and Range’s counsel shall each promptly (i.e., within two business days from receipt thereof) furnish to the other, by fax or email, copies of all opt-outs received. 
9.  WAIVER OR TERMINATION 
9.1  Within ten (10) business days of:  (a) the Court’s entry of an order expressly declining to enter the Preliminary Approval Order in any material respect; (b) the Court’s refusal to approve this Stipulation or any material part of it; (c) the Court’s declining to enter the Judgment in any material respect; or (d) the date upon which the Judgment is modified or reversed in any material respect and such modification or reversal becomes Final, Class Representative and Range shall each have the right to terminate the Settlement and this Stipulation, by providing written notice to the other of an election to do so; provided, however, that any decision, ruling, or order solely with respect to an application for attorneys’ fees, Case Contribution Awards, or Litigation Expenses, or to any Plan of Allocation shall not be grounds for termination. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2 By making the agreement set forth in this paragraph, Range, Range’s Counsel, and Class Counsel acknowledge and stipulate that they have “not participate[d] in offering or making . . . . an agreement in which a restriction on the lawyer’s right to practice is part of the settlement of a controversy between private parties.”  Oklahoma Rules of Professional Conduct, Rule 5.6.  The parties further stipulate that any interpretation of this provision that would result in a violation of Rule 5.6, or that would prohibit, restrict, confine, modify or interfere with Class Counsel’s duties, obligations and communications owed to the Class pursuant to the Oklahoma Rules of Professional Conduct would be unintended by all parties hereto and would be void ab initio. 
 
 
 14  
 
 
9.2  The Effective Date, defined in paragraph 1.11, shall be the first business day on which all of the following shall have occurred or been waived: 
 


   
         
   
      a.
   
      Range has fully paid, or caused to be fully paid, the Settlement Cash Amount, as required above;

   
         
   
      b.
   
      Neither Range nor Class Representatives have terminated the Settlement and this Stipulation and all such termination rights have expired in accordance with paragraph 9.1 hereof;

   
         
   
      c.
   
      The Court has approved the Settlement as described herein, following notice to the Class and the Final Fairness Hearing, as prescribed by Okla. Stat. tit. 12, § 2023, and entered the Judgment; and

   
         
   
      d.
   
      The Judgment has become Final, as set forth in paragraph 1.15.
     
9.3  If Range exercises its right to terminate the Settlement or Range or Class Representatives exercise their respective rights to terminate the Settlement pursuant to paragraph 9.1: 
 


   
         
   
      a.
   
      This Stipulation shall be canceled and terminated;

   
         
   
      b.
   
      The Effective Date shall not occur;

   
         
   
      c.
   
      Class Representatives and Range shall be restored to their respective positions as of the day before the settlement was preliminarily agreed to on May 31, 2013;

   
         
   
      d.
   
      The terms and provisions of this Stipulation, except as otherwise provided herein, shall have no further force and effect with respect to the Settling Parties and shall not be used in this Action or in any other proceeding by anyone for any purpose, and any Judgment or order entered by the Court in accordance with the terms of this Stipulation shall be treated as vacated, nunc pro tunc; and

   
         
   
      e.
   
      Within ten (10) business days after any such termination, the Gross Settlement Fund (including accrued interest and any amounts returned pursuant to paragraph 6.6), less any allowable Administration, Notice and Distribution Costs that have either been disbursed, or are determined to be incurred and chargeable as Administration, Notice and Distribution Costs, to the extent allowed in paragraph 5.12, shall be refunded by the Escrow Agent to Range.
     
9.4  If a certain portion of the persons or entities who would otherwise be Class Members exclude themselves from the Class by submitting a Request for Exclusion, that portion being specified in a separate supplemental agreement between Class Representative and Range (“Supplemental Agreement”), then Range shall have the option to terminate its participation in this Stipulation and the Settlement, pursuant to the terms set forth in the Supplemental Agreement.  The Supplemental Agreement shall not be filed with the Court, unless requested by the Court, and then shall only be filed under seal for in camera inspection by the Court. 
9.5  Except as otherwise provided herein, in the event the Settlement is terminated, the Settlement shall be without prejudice, and none of the terms shall be effective or enforceable and the fact and terms of the Settlement shall not be admissible in any trial of this Action or in any other litigation or proceeding, and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Stipulation shall be null and void and shall have no further force or effect, and the Settling Parties and members of the Class shall proceed in all respects as if this Stipulation and any related orders had not been entered.   
10.  APPEAL OF OBJECTORS 
10.1  Any Class Member wishing to remain a Class Member, but objecting to any part of the Settlement, can do so only as set forth herein and in the Class Notice attached as Exhibit 3.  If the Court determines that the settlement and the awards of fees and expenses are fair to the Settlement Class as a whole, individual objections may be severed for separate appeal and review based upon the individual claims of the objecting Class Member, the intent being not to delay distribution to Class Members who do not object and not to delay payment of court awarded costs, fees and expenses except those which would be specifically subject to the objection(s) of the objecting Class Member(s). 
 
 
 15  
 
 
10.2  If any appeal is taken by any objector(s) that challenges the Settlement to the remaining Class Members or any award of costs, fees, and expenses, Range shall, upon the request of Class Representative, join in and support any motion to the trial court and/or appellate court seeking to have the appeal limited to the funds attributable to the royalty interest(s) of the objecting Class Member(s), so that the appeal cannot challenge the Settlement to the remaining Class Members, challenge the overall award of costs, fees, and expenses, or cause the non-objecting Class Members to be prejudiced by the delay in payment of their share of Settlement Proceeds as a result of interference by objectors who seek to delay or otherwise affect payment of any funds beyond those the objectors might argue they are individually entitled to receive.  Because any appeal by an objecting Class Member would delay the payment under the Settlement, each Class Member that appeals agrees that if such Class Member’s claim and objection are not severed for separate appeal pursuant to Section 10.1, then each such Class Member shall put up a cash bond to be set by the court sufficient to reimburse Class Counsel’s appellate fees, Class Counsel’s expenses, and the lost interest to the Class caused by the delay, but in no event less than two percent (2%) per annum. 
11.  COMMUNICATIONS WITH CLASS MEMBERS 
11.1  Through order dated October 11, 2011, the Court prohibited Range from contacting members of the Class concerning the status, compromise, settlement or other disposition of the claims set forth in the Petition absent notice and approval by the Court.  Class Representatives and Class Counsel agree this prohibition shall be suspended once the deadline for members of the Class to opt-out of the Settlement has passed and the prohibition shall be terminated upon final approval by the Court.  This suspension shall cease if the Settlement is terminated for any reason.  Class Representatives and Class Counsel agree that, if required, it will move jointly with Range for an order suspending and, if final approval is granted, terminating the prohibition. 
12.  OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
12.1  Range expressly denies all allegations of wrongdoing or liability with respect to the claims and allegations in the Litigation.  It is expressly agreed that neither this Settlement, the Settlement Agreement, nor any document referred to herein, nor any action taken to carry out the Settlement Agreement is, may be construed as, or may be used as an admission by Range of any fault, wrongdoing or liability whatsoever with respect to the claims and allegations in this Action.  There has been no determination by any court, administrative agency, or other tribunal regarding the claims and allegations made against Range.  By agreeing to settle the claims of the Class in this Action, Range does not admit that the Action could have been properly maintained as a contested class action, and the Class does not admit any deficiency in the merits of their claims.  Range also continues to claim that it had valid defenses to Class Representatives’ claims and that it has settled the case without the admission of any fault, wrongdoing or liability whatsoever.  Range asserts it is entering into the Settlement Agreement solely to compromise the disputed claims and avoid the risk and expense of continued litigation. 
12.2  Entering into or carrying out the Settlement Agreement, and any negotiations or proceedings related thereto, is not, and shall not be construed as, or deemed to be evidence of, an admission or concession by any of the Parties to the Settlement Agreement and shall not be offered or received in evidence in any action or proceeding by or against any party hereto in any court, administrative agency or other tribunal for any purpose whatsoever other than:  (a) to enforce the provisions of the Settlement between Range and any Class Member(s), the provisions of the Settlement Agreement, or the provisions of any related agreement, order, judgment or release; and, (b) to aid any proceedings by Range seeking indemnification or contribution for a portion of the Settlement Amount from other working interest owners in the Class Wells. 
12.3  Any putative Class Member who opts out of the Class by executing a timely and valid Request for Exclusion, as described below, shall have no right to object to the Settlement in any way, including but not limited to, the fairness, reasonableness and/or amount of any aspect of the Settlement, Notice, Class Counsel’s request for attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses, Case Contribution Awards, any Plan of Allocation and/or Distribution Order(s), or any distribution of the Net Settlement Fund.  All Requests for Exclusion must be delivered into the hands of the Settlement Administrator by the date set by the Court in the Preliminary Approval Order and specified in the Notice and must include:  (a) the Class Member’s name, address, telephone number, and notarized signature; (b) a statement that the Class Member wishes to be excluded from the Class in James A. Drummond, et al. v. Range Resources-Midcontinent, LLC, et al.; and (c) a description of the Class Member’s interest in any Class Well(s), including the name, Range well number, and legal location of such Class Well(s).  Requests for Exclusion may not be submitted through the website or by telephone, facsimile, or e-mail.   
12.4  The Notice of Settlement shall require that any objection to the Settlement, to this Settlement Agreement, or to the application for Class Counsel’s attorneys’ fees and/or Litigation Expenses be in writing and comply with all the requirements set forth herein and by the Court in the Notice of Settlement to Class Members. 
 
 
 16  
 
 
12.5  If a Class Member remains in the Class, he or she shall have the right to file a valid objection only under the provisions the Court may determine are appropriate, including the following:   
Only a person or entity who remains a member of the Class shall have the right to object to the proposed Settlement with Range in any way including, but not limited to, the fairness, reasonableness and amount of any aspect of the Settlement, Notice, Class Counsel’s requested fees and expenses, Case Contribution Awards, and any Plan of Allocation and/or Distribution Order(s), or any distribution of the Net Settlement Fund.  Persons who desire to object to the Settlement or the fees and expenses must file a written statement with Grady County District Court, 4th & Choctaw Street, P.O. Box 605, Chickasha, Oklahoma, and deliver a copy of same into the hands of Class Counsel and Range’s Counsel at least 14 days prior to the Final Fairness Hearing. The written statement must contain: 
 


   
         
   
      (a)
   
      A heading referring to James A. Drummond, et al. v. Range Resources-Midcontinent, LLC, et al., Case No. CJ-2010-510 and to the Grady County District Court, Oklahoma;

   
         
   
      (b)
   
      A statement as to whether the objector intends to appear at the Final Fairness Hearing, either in person or through counsel, and, if through counsel, identifying counsel by name, address and telephone number;

   
         
   
      (c)
   
      A detailed statement of the specific legal and factual basis for each and every objection;

   
         
   
      (d)
   
      A list of any witnesses the objector may call at the Final Fairness Hearing, together with a  summary of each witness’s expected testimony;

   
         
   
      (e)
   
      A list of and copies of any exhibits the objector may seek to use at the Final Fairness Hearing;

   
         
   
      (f)
   
      A list of any legal authority the objector may present at the Final Fairness Hearing;

   
         
   
      (g)
   
      The objector’s current address;

   
         
   
      (h)
   
      The objector’s current telephone number;

   
         
   
      (i)
   
      The objector’s signature executed before a Notary Public; and

   
         
   
      (j)
   
      Identification of the objector’s interest in Class Wells by identifying each Class Well (by well name, Range well number, and legal location).
     
Any Class Member who fails to timely file such written statement and provide the required information will not be permitted to present any objections at the Final Fairness Hearing and such failure will render any such attempted objection untimely and of no effect. All presentations of objections will be further limited by the information listed. 
12.6  All Parties shall use their best efforts to encourage and obtain approval of the Settlement and to assist in the completion of the terms of this Settlement Agreement and the distribution of the Net Settlement Fund to the Class Members, and their representatives and counsel or to any other party designated by the Court to receive unclaimed funds resulting from the Settlement.  The Parties also agree to promptly prepare and execute all documentation as may be reasonably required to obtain final approval by the Court of this Settlement, and to carry out the terms of this Settlement Agreement. 
12.7  After distribution of the Net Settlement Fund is complete, counsel and experts will return or destroy any confidential documents produced by the other party in the Action.  This provision does not apply:  (1) to transcripts of depositions or trial testimony or other sworn statements of witnesses or exhibits to any transcripts or statements or to any documents filed in the public record; (2) to any documents the Settling Parties may agree are not to be considered confidential; or (3) to any documents subject to a prior agreement between the Settling Parties allowing their use in other litigation.  After two years following a Final and unappealable Judgment in this Action that includes all issues, and particularly the distribution of the Net Settlement Fund, confidential documents that were within the materials retained for two years shall be destroyed or returned to the producing party if so requested. 
12.8  Except as otherwise provided herein or by a writing signed by all the signatories hereto, this Settlement Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement among the Settling Parties related to the Settlement of this Action, and no representations, warranties or inducements have been made to any party concerning the Settlement other than the representations, warranties and covenants contained and memorialized in this Settlement Agreement.  All of the Exhibits attached to this Settlement Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Settlement Agreement as though fully set forth herein.  This Settlement Agreement may not be modified or amended, nor may any of its provisions be waived, except by a writing signed by all signatories hereto or their successors-in-interest.   
12.9  This Settlement Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by facsimile or imaged signatures.  All executed counterparts taken together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 
 
 
 17  
 
 
12.10  The Settling Parties and their counsel have mutually contributed to the preparation of this Settlement Agreement.  Accordingly, no provision of the Settlement Agreement shall be construed against any party on the grounds that one of the parties or its counsel drafted the provision.  The Settling Parties are each represented by competent counsel who have advised their own clients as to the legal effects of this Settlement, and none of the Settling Parties has received or relied upon advice from opposing counsel.  Except as otherwise provided herein, each party shall bear its own costs in connection with the Settlement and preparation of the Settlement Agreement. 
12.11  This Settlement Agreement and any disputes arising regarding the agreement are governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma.   
12.12  The Settlement Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors, trustees, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
12.13  The Settling Parties intend this Settlement to be a final and complete resolution of all disputes asserted or that could be asserted with respect to the Settled Claims.  Accordingly, the Settling Parties agree not to assert in any forum that this Action was brought by Class Representatives or Class Counsel, or defended by Range or Range’s Counsel, in bad faith or without a reasonable basis.  The Settling Parties agree that the amount paid and the other terms of this Settlement were negotiated at arm’s-length and in good faith, and reflect a settlement that was reached voluntarily after consultation with experienced legal counsel.  The Settling Parties shall assert no claims of any violation of the Oklahoma Rules of Civil Procedure or any other law or rule governing litigation conduct, relating to the maintenance, defense or settlement of this Action. 
12.14  The headings herein are used for the purpose of convenience only and are not meant to have legal effect. 
12.15  All disputes and proceedings with respect to the administration of the Settlement Agreement and the determination of all controversies relating thereto, including disputed questions of law and fact with respect to the timeliness, validity and amounts of Claims, shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Court.  The Settling Parties waive any right to trial by jury of any dispute arising under or relating to this Stipulation or the Settlement.   
12.16  To the extent non-material modifications of this Stipulation are necessary, such modification may be made by the Settling Parties after the Execution Date without further notice to the Class as provided herein.   
12.17  All counsel and any other person executing this Stipulation and any of the exhibits hereto, or any related Settlement documents, warrant and represent that they have the full authority to do so and that they have the authority to take appropriate action required or permitted to be taken pursuant to the Stipulation to effectuate its terms.  The Settling Parties each represent and warrant that they hold the claims being released in the Settlement and that they have full authority to release such claims. 
12.18  The Settling Parties stipulate and agree that all activity in this Action, except that contemplated herein and in the Preliminary Approval Order, the Notice, and the Judgment, shall be stayed and all hearings, deadlines, and other proceedings in this Action, except a preliminary approval hearing (if any) and the Final Fairness Hearing, shall be taken off calendar.  If any party is required to give notice to the other parties under this Stipulation, such notice shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt by hand delivery, facsimile transmission or electronic mail to the recipients in the signature block below. 
    
 
 
 18  
 
 
[THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 19  
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties and their counsel have executed this Agreement, in several, effective the 31st day of May, 2013. 
    
 


   
         
   
         
   
      CLASS REPRESENTATIVES:

   
         
   
         
   
      /s/ James A. Drummond

   
         
   
         
   
      James A. Drummond

   
         
   
         
   
      /s/ Mark Parrish

   
         
   
         
   
      Mark Parrish

   
         
   
         
   
         

   
         
   
         
   
      CLASS COUNSEL:

   
         
   
         
   
      /s/ Robert N. Barnes

   
         
   
         
   
      Robert N. Barnes, OBA No. 537

   
         
   
         
   
      rbarnes@barneslewis.com

   
         
   
         
   
      Patranell Britten Lewis, OBA No. 12279

   
         
   
         
   
      plewis@barneslewis.com

   
         
   
         
   
      BARNES & LEWIS, LLP

   
         
   
         
   
      720 N.W. 50th Street

   
         
   
         
   
      Suite 200B

   
         
   
         
   
      Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73118

   
         
   
         
   
      (405) 843-0363 telephone

   
         
   
         
   
      (405) 843-0790 facsimile

   
         
   
         
   
         

   
         
   
         
   
      -and-

   
         
   
         
   
      /s/ Bradley E. Beckworth

   
         
   
         
   
      Bradley E. Beckworth, OBA No. 19982

   
         
   
         
   
      bbeckworth@nixlawfirm.com

   
         
   
         
   
      Jeffrey Angelovich, OBA No. 19981

   
         
   
         
   
      jangelovich@npraustin.com

   
         
   
         
   
      Susan Whatley, OBA No. 30960

   
         
   
         
   
      susanwhatley@nixlawfirm.com

   
         
   
         
   
      Lisa Baldwin

   
         
   
         
   
      lbaldwin@npraustin.com

   
         
   
         
   
      Nix, Patterson & Roach, LLP

   
         
   
         
   
      205 Linda Drive

   
         
   
         
   
      Daingerfield, TX 75638

   
         
   
         
   
      (903) 645-7333 telephone

   
         
   
         
   
      (903) 645-4415 facsimile

   
         
   
         
   
         

   
         
   
         
   
      RANGE REPRESENTATIVE:

   
         
   
         
   
      /s/ David P. Poole

   
         
   
         
   
      David P. Poole

   
         
   
         
   
         

   
         
   
         
   
         
  
 20  
 
 
    
 


   
      
   
         
   
      ATTORNEYS FOR RANGE:

   
         
   
         
   
      /s/ Richard B. Noulles

   
         
   
         
   
      Richard B. Noulles, OBA No. 6719

   
         
   
         
   
      rnoulles@gablelaw.com

   
         
   
         
   
      Bradley W. Welsh, OBA No. 18488

   
         
   
         
   
      bwelsh@gablelaw.com

   
         
   
         
   
      Tammy D. Barrett, OBA No. 14182

   
         
   
         
   
      tbarrett@gablelaw.com

   
         
   
         
   
      GableGotwals

   
         
   
         
   
      100 W. Fifth Street

   
         
   
         
   
      1100 ONEOK Plaza

   
         
   
         
   
      Tulsa, Oklahoma 74103-4217

   
         
   
         
   
      Telephone:  (918) 595-4800

   
         
   
         
   
      Facsimile:   (918) 595-4990
     
    
    
         
 21  
 

