
EX-10.27
3
brog_ex1027.htm
SECOND AMENDMENT TO SECOND LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT



     



EXHIBIT 10.27

 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO SECOND LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT

 

This SECOND
AMENDMENT TO SECOND LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Amendment”), dated as of March 24, 2014, is by
and among Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Borrower”), the several banks and other
financial institutions or entities party to this Amendment (the “Lenders”) and CHAMBERS ENERGY MANAGEMENT,
LP, as the agent (in such capacity, the “Agent”) under the Credit Agreement (as defined below).

 

WHEREAS, Borrower, the Lenders and the
Agent are parties to that certain Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2013 (as amended by that certain First Amendment
to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated as of December 13, 2013, and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”);

 

WHEREAS, Borrower has requested that
the Lenders agree to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1 thereof;

 

WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to
the conditions contained herein, the Lenders are willing to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement;

 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

 

1.          Defined Terms.

 

(a)          Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement.
The principles of interpretation set forth in Section 1.2 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to the provisions of this Amendment.

 

(b)          Each reference to “hereof’, “hereunder”, “herein” and “hereby” and each
other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement, each reference to “this Agreement” or “the Credit
Agreement” and each other similar reference contained in the Agreement or any other Loan Document and each reference contained
in this Amendment to the “Credit Agreement” shall on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date (as defined below)
refer to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Any notices, requests, certificates and other instruments executed
and delivered on or after the Second Amendment Effective Date may refer to the Credit Agreement without making specific reference
to this Amendment but nevertheless all such references shall mean the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment unless the
context otherwise requires.

 

2.          Amendments to Credit Agreement. In reliance on the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 below and
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below, the parties hereby agree to the following amendments:

 

(a)          Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting therein the following new definition in its proper alphabetical
place:

 

"In Process Well Costs: the cash funded
by Borrower pursuant to an authority for expenditure for the drilling and completion of a given well for which the Proved Reserves
attributable to such well have yet to be included as Proved Developed Producing Reserves in a Reserve Report delivered to Agent
pursuant to this Agreement."

 




    1
     
    

 

(b)          Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the following defined term in its entirety:

 

"Collateral Coverage Ratio: as of
any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) Reserve Value plus (ii) Consolidated Working Capital plus
(iii) In Process Well Costs to (b) Adjusted Total Indebtedness."

 

"Reserve Value:  the PV 10 Value of
the Oil and Gas Properties of the Loan Parties, as set forth in the Reserve Reports delivered pursuant hereto and adjusted at the
date of determination for production, Asset Sales, new discoveries of Hydrocarbons, revisions and extensions and purchases of Hydrocarbon
Interests occurring since the date of the most recent Reserve Report previously delivered pursuant hereto. For purposes of this
calculation, (i) the present value, discounted at 10.0%, of Proved Developed Producing Reserves shall be multiplied by 95.0% (the
“PDP Reserve Value”); (ii) the present value, discounted at 10.0%, of Proved Developed Non-Producing
Reserves shall be multiplied by 75.0%; and (iii) the present value of Proved Undeveloped Reserves shall be zero."

 

(c)          Paragraph (a) of Section 6.1 is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

 

"(a)     Collateral Coverage Ratio. Permit the
Collateral Coverage Ratio at the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower specified below to be less than the corresponding
ratio set forth below:

 



    Period
    Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio

    December 31, 2013 through June 30, 2014
    0.65 : 1.00

    September 30, 2014 through December 31, 2014 
    0.70 : 1.00

    March 31, 2015 and thereafter
    0.80 : 1.00

 

(d)           
Paragraph (b) of Section 6.1 is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

“(b)     Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio. Permit
the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as at the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower specified below to exceed the corresponding
ratio set forth below:



    Period
    Maximum Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio

    September 30, 2013 through December 31, 2013
    3.50 : 1.00

    March 31, 2014
    3.75 : 1.00

    June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014
    4.25 : 1.00

    December 31, 2014
    4.00 : 1.00

    March 31, 2015 and thereafter
    3.50 : 1.00

 

provided that for the purposes of determining
the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio, (i) Consolidated EBITDA for the period ending September 30, 2013 shall be deemed to equal
Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2013 multiplied by 4, (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period
ending December 31, 2013 shall be deemed to equal Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2013 and December
31, 2013 multiplied by 2, and (iii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period ending March 31, 2014 shall be deemed to equal Consolidated
EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2013, December 31, 2013 and March 31, 2014 multiplied by 4/3.”

 




    2
     
    

 

3.          Representations and Warranties of Borrower. The Borrower represents and warrants as of the date hereof and on the
Second Amendment Effective Date to the Agent and each Lender that:

 

(a)            
Borrower (i) has the power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform this Amendment and (ii) has
taken all necessary corporate or other action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment;

 

(b)           
No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any
other Person is required to be obtained by Borrower in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability
of this Amendment;

 

(c)            
This Amendment (i) has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of Borrower and (ii) constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally
and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);

 

(d)           
The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment will not result in a violation by Borrower of any Requirement
of Law or any Contractual Obligation of Borrower and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on
any of its Properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation;

 

(e)            
After giving effect to the amendments set forth herein, the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or
pursuant to the Loan Documents are true and accurate as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if such had been made
on and as of the date hereof;

 

(f)            
Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all terms and provisions set forth in the Loan Documents to which
it is a party; and

 

(g)           
No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

 




    3
     
    

 

4.          Conditions Precedent. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions
precedent (the date of satisfaction of such conditions precedent, the “Second Amendment Effective Date”):

 

(a)            
The Agent shall have received this Amendment duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of Borrower;

 

(b)              
Borrower shall have paid, or caused to be paid, each of the outstanding invoices of Latham & Watkins, LLP, counsel for
the Agent;

 

(c)               
The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 of this amendment are true and correct; and

 

(d)              
Borrower shall have executed and delivered, or shall have caused to be executed and delivered, such other items as the Agent
may reasonably request, each of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

 

5.          Loan Documents. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document, as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement.
This Amendment is not intended to nor shall it be construed to create a novation or accord and satisfaction with respect to any
of the Obligations.

 

6.          Severability. Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction.

 

7.          Integration. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Loan Parties, the
Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations
or warranties by the Agent or any Lender relative to subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in
the other Loan Documents.

 

8.          GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

 

9.          Survival. The representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of this Amendment shall survive the execution
and delivery of this Amendment and the Second Amendment Effective Date.

 




    4
     
    

 

10.         Ratification; No Waiver; No Other Amendments. Except as expressly modified hereby, the Credit Agreement and each
other Loan Document are each hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto and remain in full force and effect in accordance
with the respective terms thereof. Other than as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Amendment shall not be deemed to operate
as an amendment or waiver of, or to prejudice, any right, power, privilege or remedy of any Lender, the Agent or any other Indemnitee
under the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, nor shall the entering into of this Amendment preclude any such
Person from refusing to enter into any further amendments with respect to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.
Other than as to otherwise expressly provided herein, this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of compliance with any covenant
or other provision in the Agreement or any other Loan Document or of the occurrence or continuance of any present or future Default
or Event of Default.

 

11.         Costs; Expenses. Subject to and in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Credit Agreement, regardless of whether the
transactions contemplated by this Amendment are consummated, Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses of the Agent and each Lender incurred in connection with the development, preparation, execution and delivery of this
Amendment, including the reasonable fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel and consultants to the Agent.

 

12.         Headings. The section headings contained in this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and will not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment.

 

13.         Amendments. This Amendment may not be amended or modified except in the manner specified for an amendment of or modification
to the Credit Agreement in Section 9.1 of the Credit Agreement.

 

 

 

 

[Signature Pages to Follow]

 




    5
     
    

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment
to be duly executed under seal and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the date first written above.

 

BLACK RIDGE OIL & GAS, INC.,

as Borrower

 

By: /s/ Kenneth
DeCubellis         Name: Kenneth DeCubellis         Title: Chief Executive Officer

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Signature Page to Second Amendment to
Second Lien Credit Agreement




    6
     
    

 

CHAMBERS ENERGY MANAGEMENT, LP,
as the Agent

 

By: /s/
J. Robert Chambers         Name:	J. Robert
Chambers         Title:	President & Chief Executive Officer

 

 

CHAMBERS ENERGY CAPITAL II, LP,
as a Lender

 

 By: CEC Fund II GP, LLC, its general partner



 

 

By: /s/ J.
Robert Chambers

        Name:	J. Robert
Chambers

        Title:	Managing Director

 

 

CHAMBERS ENERGY CAPITAL II TE, LP,
as a Lender

 

 By: CEC Fund II GP, LLC, its general partner



 

 

By: /s/ J.
Robert Chambers

        Name:
J. Robert Chambers

        Title:
Managing Director

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Signature Page to Second Amendment to
Second Lien Credit Agreement

 




    7
    

 




