
EX-10.15
3
dex1015.htm
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2009


Purchase Agreement, dated January 14, 2009

 


 Exhibit 10.15  EXECUTION COPY  SANDRIDGE ENERGY, INC.
 8.5% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock  PURCHASE AGREEMENT  January 14, 2009  DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.  As
Representative of the Initial Purchasers  set forth on Schedule A hereto  c/o Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  60 Wall Street
 New York, New York 10005  Ladies
and Gentlemen:  Introductory. SandRidge Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), proposes to
issue and sell to the several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule A (the “Initial Purchasers”), acting severally and not jointly, 2,250,000 shares of the Company’s 8.5% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per
share and liquidation preference $100 per share, which shall have the rights, powers and preferences set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the “Certificate of Designation”) of 8.5% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock (the
“Firm Securities”). The Company also proposes to issue and sell at the option of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. an additional 400,000 shares of its 8.5% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock (the “Option Securities” and together
with the Firm Securities, the “Securities”) solely to cover over-allotments, if any, as set forth below. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. has agreed to act as the representative of the Initial Purchasers (the “Representative”) in
connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.  The Securities will be convertible into shares of common stock of
the Company, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”), in the manner described in the Certificate of Designation. The shares of Common Stock into which the Securities may be converted are referred to herein as the “Underlying
Securities.”  The Company understands that the Initial Purchasers propose to make an offering of the Securities on the
terms and in the manner set forth herein and in the Pricing Disclosure Package (as defined below) and agrees that the Initial Purchasers may resell, subject to the conditions set forth herein, all or a portion of the Securities to purchasers (the
“Subsequent Purchasers”) on the terms set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package (the first time when sales of the Securities are made by the Initial Purchasers is referred to as the “Time of Sale”). The Securities are to be
offered and sold to or through the Initial Purchasers without being registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the “Securities Act,” which






 
term, as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder), in reliance upon exemptions therefrom. Pursuant to the terms of the Securities and the
Certificate of Designation, investors who acquire Securities shall be deemed to have agreed that Securities may only be resold or otherwise transferred, after the date hereof, if such Securities are registered for sale under the Securities Act or if
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available (including the exemptions afforded by Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”)).  The Company has prepared and delivered to each Initial Purchaser copies of a Preliminary Offering Memorandum, dated January 14, 2009,
including documents incorporated by reference therein (the “Preliminary Offering Memorandum”), and has prepared and delivered to each Initial Purchaser copies of a Pricing Supplement, dated January 14, 2009, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the “Pricing Supplement”), describing the terms of the Securities, each for use by such Initial Purchaser in connection with its solicitation of offers to purchase the Securities. The Preliminary Offering Memorandum
and the Pricing Supplement are herein referred to as the “Pricing Disclosure Package.” Promptly after this Agreement is executed and delivered, the Company will prepare and deliver to each Initial Purchaser a final offering memorandum
dated the date hereof including documents incorporated by reference therein (the “Final Offering Memorandum”).  All
references herein to the terms “Pricing Disclosure Package” and “Final Offering Memorandum” shall be deemed to mean and include all information filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the “Exchange
Act,” which term, as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder) prior to the Time of Sale and incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package (including the Preliminary Offering
Memorandum) or the Final Offering Memorandum (as the case may be), and all references herein to the terms “amend”, “amendment” or “supplement” with respect to the Final Offering Memorandum shall be deemed to mean and
include all information filed under the Exchange Act after the Time of Sale and incorporated by reference in the Final Offering Memorandum.  The Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Initial Purchasers as follows:  SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Initial Purchaser that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (references in this Section 1 to the
“Offering Memorandum” are to (x) the Pricing Disclosure Package in the case of representations and warranties made as of the date hereof and (y) the Final Offering Memorandum in the case of representations and warranties made as
of the Closing Date):  (a) No Registration Required. Subject to compliance by the Initial Purchasers with the
representations and warranties set forth in Section 2 hereof and with the procedures set forth in Section 7 hereof, it is not necessary in connection with the offer, sale and delivery of the Securities to the Initial Purchasers and to each
Subsequent Purchaser in the manner contemplated by this Agreement and the Offering Memorandum to register the Securities under the Securities Act.   
 2 






 (b) No Integration of Offerings or General Solicitation. None of the Company, its
affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act) (each, an “Affiliate”), or any person acting on its or any of their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company makes no representation or
warranty) has, directly or indirectly, solicited any offer to buy or offered to sell, or will, directly or indirectly, solicit any offer to buy or offer to sell, in the United States or to any United States citizen or resident, any security which is
or would be integrated with the sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the Securities to be registered under the Securities Act. None of the Company, its Affiliates, or any person acting on its or any of their behalf (other than the
Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company makes no representation or warranty) has engaged or will engage, in connection with the offering of the Securities, in any form of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502
under the Securities Act.  (c) Eligibility for Resale under Rule 144A. The Securities are eligible for resale pursuant
to Rule 144A and will not be, at the Closing Date, of the same class as securities listed on a national securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act or quoted in a U.S. automated interdealer quotation system. 
(d) The Pricing Disclosure Package and Offering Memorandum. Neither the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Time of Sale, nor
the Final Offering Memorandum, as of its date or (as amended or supplemented in accordance with Section 3(a), as applicable) as of the Closing Date, contains or represents an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that this representation, warranty and agreement shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Pricing
Disclosure Package, the Final Offering Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Initial Purchaser through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
expressly for use in the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Offering Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, as the case may be.  (e) Company Additional Written Communications. The Company has not prepared, made, used, authorized, approved or distributed and will not prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or distribute any
written communication that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities (each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives (other than a communication referred to in clauses (i) and
(ii) below) a “Company Additional Written Communication”) other than (i) the Pricing Disclosure Package, (ii) the Final Offering Memorandum, and (iii) any electronic road show or other written communications, in each
case used in accordance with Section 3(a). Each such Company Additional Written Communication, when taken together with the Pricing Disclosure Package, did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that this representation, warranty and agreement shall not apply to statements
in or omissions from each such Company Additional Written Communication made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Initial Purchaser through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. expressly for use in
any Company Additional Written Communication.   
 3 






 (f) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
by reference in the Offering Memorandum at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission (collectively, the “Incorporated Documents”) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange
Act.  (g) The Purchase Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.
 (h) The Securities. The Securities have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of the Company and, when issued and delivered against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Certificate of Designation, the Securities will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, will not be subject to
any preemptive or similar rights, and will be convertible at the option of the holders thereof into the Underlying Securities in accordance with the Certificate of Designation.  (i) Outstanding Capital Stock. The outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully paid and non-assessable; none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company was issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any stockholder of the Company.  (j) The Underlying Securities. The Underlying Securities have been duly authorized and reserved, and when issued and delivered upon
conversion of the Securities will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; and no preemptive or similar rights of stockholders exist with respect to any of the Underlying Securities.  (k) The Certificate of Designation. The Certificate of Designation has been duly authorized by the Company and conforms in all
material respects to the description thereof contained in the Offering Memorandum.  (l) No Convertible Stock. There are
no outstanding securities of the Company convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the right to purchase or subscribe for any shares of capital stock of the Company and there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants or rights of any
character obligating the Company to issue any shares of its capital stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable into or evidencing the right to purchase or subscribe for any shares of such stock.  (m) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Offering Memorandum, subsequent to the respective dates as of
which information is given in the Offering Memorandum: (i) there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in
the earnings, business, properties, operations or prospects (other than as a result of developments affecting the oil and gas industry generally), whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its
subsidiaries, considered as one entity (a “Material Adverse Change”); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, nor entered
into any material transaction or agreement; and (iii) there has been no cash dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company or, except for dividends paid to the Company or other subsidiaries, any of its subsidiaries
on any class of capital stock or repurchase or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any class of capital stock.   
 4 






 (n) Independent Accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, who have expressed their
opinion with respect to certain of the financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) and supporting schedules included in the Offering Memorandum, are independent registered public accountants with
respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.  Grant Thornton LLP, who have expressed their
opinion with respect to certain of the financial statements and supporting schedules included in the Offering Memorandum, are independent registered public accountants with respect to NEG Oil & Gas LLC as required by the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act.  (o) Preparation of the Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company
included in the Offering Memorandum present fairly the consolidated financial position of the entities to which they relate as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial
statements comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements of Regulation S-X and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as
may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The financial data set forth in the Offering Memorandum under the caption “Summary Consolidated Historical Financial Data” and the “Actual” column under the caption
“Capitalization” fairly present the information set forth therein on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements contained in the Offering Memorandum.  (p) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to own or lease, as the case may be, and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Offering Memorandum
and, in the case of the Company, to enter into and perform its obligations under each of this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation and the Securities. The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, or on the earnings, business, properties or operations, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of
the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (a “Material Adverse Effect”). All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock, or similar equity interest, of each subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly
issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or claim, except that the Senior Credit Facility, dated
November 21, 2006, by and among SandRidge Energy, Inc. (as successor by merger to Riata Energy, Inc.) and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Banc of America Securities LLC as Lead Arranger and Book Running Manager, as amended,
(the “Credit Facility”) is secured by a negative pledge on any of the Company’s non-mortgage properties.   
 5 






 (q) Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and
outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Offering Memorandum under the caption “Capitalization” (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described in the Offering Memorandum or
upon exercise of outstanding options described in the Offering Memorandum).  (r) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments;
No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter or by laws (or other applicable organizational document), (ii) is (or, with the giving of notice or
lapse of time, would be) in default (“Default”) under any indenture, mortgage, loan or credit agreement, note, contract, franchise, lease or other instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any
of them may be bound (including, without limitation, the Credit Facility), or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (each, an “Existing Instrument”), or (iii) is in violation of
any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or such subsidiary or any of its properties, as
applicable, except with respect to clause (ii) and (iii), for such Defaults or violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.  The Company’s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the issuance and delivery of the Securities or the
Underlying Securities, the Company’s compliance with the Certificate of Designation and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and by the Offering Memorandum (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary
action (corporate or otherwise) and will not result in any violation of the charter or by laws (or other applicable organizational document) of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default or
a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any
other party to, any Existing Instrument and (iii) will not result in any violation of any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body,
administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their properties. As used herein, a “Debt Repayment Triggering Event” means any event
or condition which gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder’s behalf) the right to require the repurchase,
redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  No
consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency is required for the Company’s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the
issuance and delivery of the Securities or the Underlying Securities or the Company’s compliance with the Certificate of Designation, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and by the Offering Memorandum, except
for such as have been obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act, and applicable state securities or blue sky laws.   
 6 






 (s) No Material Actions or Proceedings. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Offering
Memorandum, there are no legal or governmental actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened (i) against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) which has as the subject thereof any
officer or director of, or property owned or leased by, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) relating to environmental or discrimination matters, where in any such case (A) there is a reasonable possibility that such action,
suit or proceeding might be determined adversely to the Company or such subsidiary and (B) any such action, suit or proceeding, if so determined adversely, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or adversely affect the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  (t) Labor Matters. No labor problem or dispute with
the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or is threatened or imminent that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  (u) Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use, on reasonable terms, all patents, patent applications, trade and service marks,
trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”) necessary for the conduct of the
Company’s business as now conducted or as proposed in the Offering Memorandum to be conducted except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the Offering Memorandum,
(a) no party has been granted an exclusive license to use any portion of such Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (b) to the Company’s knowledge there is no material infringement by third parties of any such
Intellectual Property Rights owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company; (c) there is no pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Company’s rights in or to any
material Intellectual Property Rights; and (d) there is no pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company’s business as now conducted infringes or otherwise violates any
material patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any other fact which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim.  (v) All Necessary Permits, etc. The Company possesses such valid and current licenses, certificates, authorizations or permits issued
by the appropriate state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct its business except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and the Company has not received any
notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   
 7 






 (w) Title to Properties. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has
(i) generally satisfactory title to its oil and gas properties, title investigations having been carried out by the Company or its subsidiaries in accordance with the practice in the oil and gas industry in the areas in which the Company and
its subsidiaries operate, (ii) good and marketable title to all other real property owned by it (including pipeline easement rights) to the extent necessary to carry on its business, and (iii) good and marketable title to all personal
property owned by it, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in the Offering Memorandum or such as do not materially affect the value of the properties of the Company and its subsidiaries,
considered as one enterprise, and do not interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such properties, by the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise; and all of the easements, leases and
subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries holds or uses properties described in the Offering Memorandum, are in full force and effect,
and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or its subsidiaries under any of the easements, leases or subleases mentioned
above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any subsidiary thereof to the continued possession or use of the easement or leased or subleased premises.  (x) Condition of Properties. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, the plants, buildings, structures and
equipment owned by the Company are in good operating condition and repair and have been reasonably maintained consistent with standards generally followed in the industry (giving due account to the age and length of use of same, ordinary wear and
tear excepted), are adequate and suitable for their present uses and, in the case of plants, buildings and other structures, are structurally sound.  (y) Tax Law Compliance. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise tax returns in a timely manner and have paid
all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them, except for any taxes, assessments, fines or penalties as may be being contested in good faith and by
appropriate proceedings or where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the financial statements included in the Offering Memorandum in respect of all
federal, state and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company or any of its consolidated subsidiaries has not been finally determined except to the extent it would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.  (z) Company Not an “Investment Company”. The Company is not, and, after receipt of
payment for the Securities and application of the proceeds as described under “Use of Proceeds” in the Offering Memorandum will not be, required to register as an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act and will conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act.  (aa)
Insurance. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries are insured by recognized, and to the knowledge of the Company, financially sound and reputable institutions with policies in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks
as are generally deemed adequate and customary for their businesses including, but not limited to, policies covering real and personal
  
 8 






 
property owned or leased by the Company and its subsidiaries against theft, damage, destruction, acts of terrorism or vandalism and earthquakes. All policies of insurance and fidelity or surety
bonds insuring the Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect; the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance, in all material respects, with the
terms of such policies and instruments; and there are no material claims by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights
clause; and neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has, in the past three years, been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for.  (bb) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might be reasonably expected to cause or result in
stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. The Company acknowledges that the Initial Purchasers may engage in stabilization transactions as described in the Offering
Memorandum.  (cc) Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company and its subsidiaries and their respective officers and
directors are in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act,” which term, as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder). 
(dd) Internal Controls. The Company maintains effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15 under
the Exchange Act and a system of internal accounting control sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, (B) transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the Company’s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and to maintain accountability for its assets, (C) access to the
Company’s assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization and (D) the recorded accountability for the Company’s assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and
appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.  (ee) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company has
established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-14 under the Exchange Act); such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material information relating to the
Company and its subsidiaries is made known to the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company by others within the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and such disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably effective to
perform the functions for which they were established subject to the limitations of any such control system; the Company’s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) any significant
deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data; and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a role in the Company’s internal controls; and since the date of the most recent evaluation of such disclosure controls and procedures, there have been no significant changes in internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.   
 9 






 (ff) Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as otherwise disclosed in the
Offering Memorandum: (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign law, regulation, order, permit or other requirement relating to pollution or protection of human health or the
environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including without limitation, laws and regulations relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened
releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum and petroleum products (collectively, “Materials of Environmental Concern”), or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Materials of Environmental Concern (collectively, “Environmental Laws”), which violation includes, but is not limited to, noncompliance with any permits or other
governmental authorizations required for the operation of the business of the Company or its subsidiaries under applicable Environmental Laws, or noncompliance with the terms and conditions thereof, nor has the Company or any of its subsidiaries
received any written communication, whether from a governmental authority, citizens group, employee or otherwise, that alleges that the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any Environmental Law, except, in each case, as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) there is no claim, action or cause of action filed with a court or governmental authority, no investigation with respect to which the Company has received written notice,
and no written notice by any person or entity alleging potential liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental responses costs, natural resources damages, property damages, personal injuries, attorneys’ fees or penalties
arising out of, based on or resulting from the presence, or release into the environment, of any Material of Environmental Concern at any location owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, now or in the past (collectively,
“Environmental Claims”), pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any person or entity whose liability for any Environmental Claim the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of law, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iii) to the Company’s knowledge, there are no past, present or anticipated future
actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events or incidents, including, without limitation, the release, emission, discharge, presence or disposal of any Material of Environmental Concern, that reasonably could result in a violation of any
Environmental Law, require expenditures to be incurred pursuant to Environmental Law, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.  (gg) Independent Petroleum Engineers. DeGolyer and MacNaughton, whose reports as of December 31, 2005 and 2006, are referenced
in the Offering Memorandum, was, as of the date of such reports, and is, as of the date hereof, an independent petroleum engineer with respect to the Company (with respect to the report as of December 31, 2005) and SandRidge CO2, LLC (f/k/a
PetroSource Energy Company, L.P.) (with respect to the reports as of December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007). Netherland, Sewell & Associates Inc., whose reports as of December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007, are referenced in the Offering
Memorandum, was, as of December 31, 2005, an independent petroleum engineer with respect to NEG Oil & Gas LLC, and was, as of December 31, 2006 and 2007, and is, as of the date hereof, an independent petroleum engineer with
respect to NEG Oil & Gas LLC (with respect to the
  
 10 






 
reports as of December 31, 2005) and the Company (excluding SandRidge CO2 f/k/a PetroSource Energy Company, L.P.). Harper & Associates, Inc., whose report as of December 31,
2005, is referenced in the Offering Memorandum, was, as of the date of such report, and is, as of the date hereof, an independent petroleum engineer with respect to the Company. The information underlying the estimates of reserves of the Company and
its subsidiaries, which was supplied by the Company to DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Netherland, Sewell & Associates Inc. and Harper & Associates, Inc. for purposes of reviewing the reserve reports and estimates of the Company and
preparing the letters (the “Reserve Report Letters”) of DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Netherland, Sewell & Associates Inc. and Harper & Associates, Inc., including, without limitation, production, costs of operation and
development, current prices for production, agreements relating to current and future operations and sales of production, was true and correct in all material respects on the dates such estimates were made and such information was supplied and was
prepared in accordance with customary industry practices; estimates of such reserves and present values as described in the Offering Memorandum and reflected in the Reserve Report Letters comply in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of Regulation S-X and Industry Guide 2 under the Act.  (hh) Related Party Transactions. No relationship,
direct or indirect, exists between or among any of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, on the one hand, and any director, officer, member, stockholder, customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, on the other hand,
which is required by the Securities Act to be disclosed in a registration statement on Form S-1 which is not so disclosed in the Offering Memorandum. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except advances for business expenses in the ordinary
course of business) or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or any affiliate of the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any affiliate of the Company or any of their respective family members.
 (ii) Lending Relationship. Except as disclosed in the Offering Memorandum, to its knowledge, the Company (i) does
not have any material lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any Initial Purchaser and (ii) does not intend to use any of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder to repay any outstanding debt owed to
any affiliate of any Initial Purchaser.  (jj) Solvency. The Company is, and immediately after the Closing Date will be,
Solvent. As used herein, the term “Solvent” means, with respect to any person on a particular date, that on such date (i) the fair market value of the assets of such person is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including
contingent liabilities) of such person, (ii) the present fair salable value of the assets of such person is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of such person on its debts as they become absolute and
matured, (iii) such person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, including contingent obligations, as they mature and (iv) such person does not have unreasonably small capital.  (kk) No Default in Senior Indebtedness. No event of default exists under the Credit Facility.   
 11 






 (ll) Exclusive Agreement. The Company has not paid or agreed to pay to any person any
compensation for soliciting another person to purchase any securities of the Company (expect as contemplated in this Agreement).  (mm) Brokers. Except for certain fees payable to the Representative in connection with the offering, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company any brokerage or finder’s fee or other
fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Any certificate signed by an officer of the
Company and delivered to the Initial Purchasers or to counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to each Initial Purchaser as to the matters set forth therein.  SECTION 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Securities.  (a) The Securities. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the Initial Purchasers, severally and not jointly, all of the Securities,
and the Initial Purchasers agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Securities set forth opposite their names on Schedule A, at a purchase price of $92.04 per share (the “Purchase Price”) payable on
the Closing Date, in each case, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms, subject to the conditions thereto, herein set forth. Each Security will be convertible into shares of Common Stock
in the manner provided in the Certificate of Designation and at the conversion rate set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the “Conversion Rate”), which Conversion Rate is subject to adjustment in certain events as provided in the
Certificate of Designation.  (b) The Closing Date. Delivery of the Firm Securities to be purchased by the Initial
Purchasers and payment therefor shall be made at the offices of Davis Polk & Wardwell, 450 Lexington, Avenue, New York, New York 10017 (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) at 9:00 a.m.
New York City time, on January 21, 2009 or such other time and date as Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. shall designate by notice to the Company (the time and date of such closing are called the “Closing Date”). The Company hereby
acknowledges that circumstances under which Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. may provide notice to postpone the Closing Date as originally scheduled include, but are in no way limited to, any determination by the Company or the Initial Purchasers to
recirculate to investors copies of an amended or supplemented Offering Memorandum or a delay as contemplated by the provisions of Section 16 hereof.  (c) The Option Securities and the Optional Closing Date. In addition, on the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth,
the Company hereby grants an option to the Representative to purchase the Option Securities at the Purchase Price solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any, which may be made in connection with the offering. The option granted
hereby may be exercised in whole or in part by giving written notice (i) at any time before the Closing Date and (ii) at any time and from time to time within 30 days after the date of this Agreement by the Representative to the Company,
setting forth the number of Option Securities as to which the Representative is exercising the option and the time and date for delivery of and payment for such Option Securities. The time and date for delivery of and payment for such
  
 12 






 
Option Securities shall be determined by the Representative but shall not be later than ten full business days after the exercise of such option, nor in any event prior to the Closing Date (such
time and date being herein referred to as the “Optional Closing Date”). If the date of exercise of the option is two or more days before the Closing Date, the notice of exercise shall set the Closing Date as the Optional Closing Date. The
Representative may cancel such option at any time prior to its expiration by giving written notice of such cancellation to the Company. If any Option Securities are to be purchased, each Initial Purchasers agrees, severally and not jointly, to
purchase the principal amount of Option Securities that bears the same proportion to the total principal amount of Firm Securities set forth opposite the name of such Initial Purchaser on Schedule A bears to the total principal amount of Firm
Securities.  (d) Initial Purchasers as Qualified Institutional Buyers. Each Initial Purchaser severally and not jointly
represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Company that it is a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A (a “Qualified Institutional Buyer”).  SECTION 3. Additional Covenants. The Company further covenants and agrees with each Initial Purchaser as follows:  (a) Preparation of Final Offering Memorandum; Initial Purchasers’ Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements and Company
Additional Written Communications. As promptly as practicable following the Time of Sale and in any event not later than the second business day following the date hereof, the Company will prepare and deliver to the Initial Purchasers the Final
Offering Memorandum, which shall consist of the Preliminary Offering Memorandum as modified only by the information contained in the Pricing Supplement. The Company will not amend or supplement the Preliminary Offering Memorandum or the Pricing
Supplement. The Company will not amend or supplement the Final Offering Memorandum prior to the Closing Date unless Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. shall previously have been furnished a copy of the proposed amendment or supplement prior to the
proposed use or filing, and shall not have objected to such amendment or supplement. Before making, preparing, using, authorizing, approving or distributing any Company Additional Written Communication, the Company will furnish to the Initial
Purchasers a copy of such written communication for review and will not make, prepare, use, authorize, approve or distribute any such written communication to which Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. reasonably objects  (b) Amendments and Supplements to the Final Offering Memorandum and Other Securities Act Matters. If, prior to the later of
(x) the Closing Date and (y) the completion of the placement of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers with the Subsequent Purchasers, any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement
the Final Offering Memorandum, as then amended or supplemented, in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Final Offering Memorandum is delivered to a Subsequent Purchaser, not misleading, or if in the
judgment of the Initial Purchasers or counsel for the Initial Purchasers it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Final Offering Memorandum to comply with law, the Company agrees to promptly prepare (subject to Section 3 hereof) and
furnish at its own expense to the Initial Purchasers, amendments or supplements to the Final Offering Memorandum so that the statements in the Final Offering Memorandum as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances at the
Closing Date and at the time of sale of Securities, be misleading or so that the Final Offering Memorandum, as amended or supplemented, will comply with all applicable law.   
 13 






 (c) Copies of the Offering Memorandum. The Company agrees to furnish the Initial
Purchasers, without charge, as many copies of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum and any amendments and supplements thereto as they shall have reasonably requested.  (d) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Initial Purchasers and counsel for the Initial Purchasers to qualify or
register (or to obtain exemptions from qualifying or registering) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the securities laws of the several states of the United States, the provinces of Canada or any other jurisdictions
designated by the Initial Purchasers, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities. The Company shall not be required to qualify
as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign corporation. The Company will
advise the Initial Purchasers promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for
any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.  (e) Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities sold by it in the manner described
under the caption “Use of Proceeds” in the Pricing Disclosure Package.  (f) Additional Issuer Information.
Prior to the completion of the placement of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers with the Subsequent Purchasers, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and the NYSE all reports and documents required to be filed under
Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act. Additionally, at any time when the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act, for the benefit of holders and beneficial owners from time to time of the Securities, the Company
shall furnish, at its expense, upon request, to holders and beneficial owners of Securities and prospective purchasers of Securities information (“Additional Issuer Information”) satisfying the requirements of Rule 144A(d).
 (g) Agreement Not To Offer or Sell Additional Securities. For a period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the
60th day after the date of the Offering Memorandum, the Company agrees not to, without the prior written consent of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., on behalf of the several Initial Purchasers (which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion),
directly or indirectly, sell, offer, contract or grant any option to sell (including without limitation any short sale), pledge, transfer, establish an open “put equivalent position” or liquidate or decrease a “call equivalent
position” within the meaning of Rule 16a-1 (h) under the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer (or enter into any transaction or device that is designed to, or could be expected to, result in the disposition by the Company at
any time in the future of), including the filing (or participation in the filing of) of a registration statement with the Commission in respect of, any shares of Common Stock, options or warrants to acquire shares of Common Stock,
  
 14 






 
or securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock currently or hereafter owned either of record or beneficially (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act) by the Company or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing.  (h) No Integration. The Company
agrees that it will not and will cause its Affiliates not to make any offer or sale of securities of the Company of any class if, as a result of the doctrine of “integration” referred to in Rule 502 under the Securities Act, such offer or
sale would render invalid (for the purpose of (i) the sale of the Securities by the Company to the Initial Purchasers, (ii) the resale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers to Subsequent Purchasers or (iii) the resale of the
Securities by such Subsequent Purchasers to others) the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) thereof or by Rule 144A or otherwise.  (i) Underlying Securities. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Underlying Securities to be approved
for supplemental listing on the New York Stock Exchange on or prior to the Closing Date and to ensure that the Underlying Securities remain authorized for listing following the Closing Date.  (j) Transfer Agent. The Company shall engage and maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Securities and the
Common Stock.  (k) Available Conversion Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available at all times, free of
preemptive rights, the full number of Underlying Securities.  (l) Conversion Price. Between the date hereof and the
Closing Date or any Optional Closing Date, the Company will not do or authorize any act that would result in an adjustment of the conversion price.  (m) No Restricted Resales. During the period of one year after the Closing Date, the Company will not, and will not permit any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) to
resell any of the Securities which constitute “restricted securities” under Rule 144 that have been reacquired by any of them.  (n) Legended Securities. Each certificate for a Security will bear the legend contained in “Transfer Restrictions” in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum for the time period and upon the
other terms stated in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum.  (o) PORTAL. The Company will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such Securities to be eligible for the PORTAL market.  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., on behalf of the
several Initial Purchasers, may, in its sole discretion, waive in writing the performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance.   
 15 






 SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the
Securities (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities to the Initial Purchasers, (iii) all fees and expenses of the
Company’s counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Final Offering Memorandum (including financial statements and exhibits), and all amendments and supplements thereto, this Agreement and the Securities, (v) all filing fees, attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by the
Company or the Initial Purchasers in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the securities laws of the several states
of the United States, the provinces of Canada or other jurisdictions designated by the Initial Purchasers (including, without limitation, the cost of preparing, printing and mailing preliminary and final blue sky or legal investment memoranda and
any related supplements to the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Final Offering Memorandum, (vi) any fees payable in connection with the listing of the Securities with the PORTAL market, (vii) any filing fees incident to, and any
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Initial Purchasers in connection with the review by the FINRA, if any, of the terms of the sale of the Securities or the Underlying Securities, (viii) all fees and expenses (including
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with the performance by the Company of any other obligations under this Agreement and (ix) the expenses incident to the “road show” for the offering of the
Securities, including the travel and lodging expenses of representatives and officers of the Company and one-half (1/2) of the cost of any chartered airplane chartered in connection with the road show. Except as provided in this Section 4
and Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, the Initial Purchasers shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel, and one-half (1/2) of the cost of any chartered airplane chartered in connection with the road
show.  SECTION 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Initial Purchasers. The obligations of the several Initial
Purchasers to purchase and pay for the Firm Securities as provided herein on the Closing Date and for the Option Securities, if any, as provided herein on the Optional Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and
warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its
covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions:  (a) Accountants’
Comfort Letter and Accountants’ Bring-Down Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the Initial Purchasers shall have received from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent public accountants for the Company, a “comfort letter” dated
the date hereof addressed to the Initial Purchasers, in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers, covering the financial information in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Pricing Supplement and other customary matters. In
addition, on the Closing Date and the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Initial Purchasers shall have received from such accountants, “bring-down comfort letter” dated the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case
may be, addressed to the Initial Purchasers, in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers, in the form of the “comfort letter” delivered on the date hereof, except that (i) it shall cover the financial information in
the Final Offering Memorandum and any amendment or supplement thereto and (ii) procedures shall be brought down to a date no more than 5 days prior to the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be.   
 16 






 (b) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period from and
after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be:  (i) in the judgment of the Representative there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and  (ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the
rating accorded any securities or indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” as such term is defined for purposes of Rule 436 under the Securities Act; and
 (iii) there shall not have been any change or decrease specified in the letter or letters referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section 5 which is, in the sole judgment of the Representative, so material and adverse as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by the
Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Pricing Supplement.  (c) Opinion of Counsel for the Company. On the Closing
Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Initial Purchasers shall have received the favorable opinion of (i) Vinson & Elkins LLP, counsel for the Company, dated as of such Closing Date or Optional Closing Date, as the
case may be, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A-1 and (ii) appropriate counsel of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date or Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A-2.  (d) Opinion of Counsel for the Initial Purchasers. On the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Initial
Purchasers shall have received the favorable opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell, counsel for the Initial Purchasers, dated as of such Closing Date or Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably
requested by the Initial Purchasers.  (e) Officers’ Certificate. On the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date,
as the case may be, the Initial Purchasers shall have received a written certificate executed by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer of the
Company, dated as of the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, to the effect set forth in Section 5(b)(ii) hereof, and further to the effect that:  (i) for the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as
the case may be, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Change;   
 17 






 (ii) the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company set forth
in Section 1 and Section 3 hereof, respectively, were true and correct as of the date hereof and are true and correct as of the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, with the same force and effect as though
expressly made on and as of the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be;  (iii) no event
of default exists under the Credit Facility;  (iv) the Company has complied with all the agreements and
satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be.  (f) PORTAL Listing. At the Closing Date the Securities shall have been designated for trading on the PORTAL Market.  (g) Underlying Securities. The Underlying Securities shall have been approved for supplemental listing, subject to official notice of issuance, on the New York Stock Exchange.  (h) Engineers’ Comfort Letters. On the date hereof, the Initial Purchasers shall have received from DeGolyer and MacNaughton,
Netherland, Sewell & Associates Inc. and Harper & Associates, Inc., independent petroleum engineers, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Initial Purchasers, the form of which is attached as Exhibits B-1, B-2 and B-3,
respectively.  (i) Certificate of Designation. The Certificate of Designation shall have been filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware on or before the Closing Date.  (j) Lock-Up Agreements from Certain Securityholders of
the Company. On or prior to the date hereof, the Company shall have furnished to the Initial Purchasers agreements in the form of Exhibit C hereto from each of the officers and directors of the Company listed in Schedule B hereto, and such
agreements shall be in full force and effect on each of the Closing Date and the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be.  (k) Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Initial Purchasers and counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall have received such information, documents and opinions as
they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any
of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.  If any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when
and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Initial Purchasers by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, which termination shall be without
liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.   

 18 






 SECTION 6. Reimbursement of Initial Purchasers’ Expenses. If this Agreement is
terminated by the Initial Purchasers pursuant to Section 5 hereof, including if the sale to the Initial Purchasers of the Securities on the Closing Date or the Optional Closing Date, as the case may be, is not consummated because of any
refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Initial Purchasers, severally, upon demand for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Initial Purchasers in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Securities, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel
expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 16 by reason of the default of one or more Initial Purchasers, the Company shall not be obligated to reimburse any defaulting Initial
Purchaser on account of those expenses.  SECTION 7. Offer, Sale and Resale Procedures. Each of the Initial Purchasers,
on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, hereby agree to observe the following procedures in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities:  (A) Offers and sales of the Securities will be made only by the Initial Purchasers or Affiliates thereof qualified to do so
in the jurisdictions in which such offers or sales are made. Each such offer or sale shall only be made to persons whom the offeror or seller reasonably believes to be Qualified Institutional Buyers.  (B) The Securities will be offered by approaching prospective Subsequent Purchasers on an individual basis. No general
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502 under the Securities Act) will be used in the United States in connection with the offering of the Securities.  Following the sale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers to Subsequent Purchasers pursuant to the terms hereof, the Initial Purchasers
shall not be liable or responsible to the Company for any losses, damages or liabilities suffered or incurred by the Company, including any losses, damages or liabilities under the Securities Act, arising from or relating to any resale or transfer
of any Security.  SECTION 8. Indemnification.  (a) Indemnification of the Initial Purchasers. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Initial Purchaser, its
directors, officers and employees, and each person, if any, who controls any Initial Purchaser within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Initial
Purchaser, director, officer, employee or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any
litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Company Additional Written Information or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission
therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Initial Purchaser and
  
 19 






 
each such director, officer, employee or controlling person for any and all expenses (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) as such expenses are
reasonably incurred by such Initial Purchaser or such director, officer, employee or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action;
provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Initial Purchasers expressly for use in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Company Additional Written Information or the
Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have.  (b) Indemnification of the Company. Each Initial Purchaser agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the
Company, its directors and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any such director or
controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with
the written consent of such Initial Purchaser), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Company Additional Written Information or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission was made in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Company Additional Written Information or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by the Initial Purchasers expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company and each such director or controlling person for any and all expenses (including the fees and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses are
reasonably incurred by the Company or such director or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that
the only information that the Initial Purchasers have furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Company Additional Written Information or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto)
are the statements set forth in the 8th, 9th and 14th paragraphs under the caption “Plan of Distribution” in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Final Offering Memorandum. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b)
shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Initial Purchaser may otherwise have.  (c) Notifications and Other
Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying
party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so
  
 20 






 
to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party for contribution or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in
this Section 8 or to the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying
party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving
the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably
concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume
such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying party’s election so
to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such
indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall
not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel), approved by the indemnifying party (Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. in the case of Sections 8(b) and 9 hereof), representing the indemnified parties
who are parties to such action).  (d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall not be liable
for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or
threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent
(i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include any statements as to or any findings of fault,
culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.  SECTION 9. Contribution. If the
indemnification provided for in Section 8 hereof is for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein,
then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause
(i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in
  
 21 






 
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial
Purchasers, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the
Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the
offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total discount received by the Initial Purchasers bear to the aggregate initial offering price of the Securities. The relative fault
of the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state
a material fact or any such inaccurate or alleged inaccurate representation or warranty relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission or inaccuracy.  The amount paid or
payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8 hereof, any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably
incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 8 hereof with respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made
under this Section 9; provided, however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under Section 8 hereof for purposes of indemnification.  The Company and the Initial Purchasers agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were
determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Initial Purchasers were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9.
 Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no Initial Purchaser shall be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the discount received by such Initial Purchaser in connection with the Securities distributed by it. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Initial Purchasers’ obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 9 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective commitments as
set forth opposite their names in Schedule A. For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer and employee of an Initial Purchaser and each person, if any, who controls an Initial Purchaser within the meaning of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Initial Purchaser, and each director of the Company, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the
same rights to contribution as the Company.  SECTION 10. Termination of this Agreement. Prior to the Closing Date, this
Agreement may be terminated by the Representative by notice given to the Company if at any time (i) trading in securities generally on either the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum
prices shall have been generally established on
  
 22 






 
any of such stock exchanges by the Commission or the FINRA; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any federal or New York authority or a material disruption in
commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States has occurred; or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any change
in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States’ or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of
the Representative is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to market the Securities in the manner and on the terms described in the Offering Memorandum or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities.  SECTION 11. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties
and other statements of the Company, its officers and the several Initial Purchasers set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Initial Purchaser,
the Company, or any of their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement.  SECTION 12. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, couriered or facsimiled
and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:  If to the Initial Purchasers:  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  60 Wall Street  New York, New York 10005  Facsimile: 212-797-9344  Attention: ECM Syndicate  with a copy to:  Davis Polk & Wardwell  450 Lexington Avenue  New York, New York 10017  Facsimile: 212-450-3674  Attention: Richard D. Truesdell, Jr.  If to the Company:  SandRidge Energy, Inc.  1601 NW Expressway, Suite 1600  Oklahoma City, Oklahoma  Facsimile: 405-753-5988  Attention: General Counsel   
 23 






 with a copy to:  Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.  First City Tower  1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500  Houston, Texas 77002  Facsimile: 713-615-5531  Attention: T. Mark Kelly  Any party hereto may change the address or facsimile number for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.
 SECTION 13. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including
any substitute Initial Purchasers pursuant to Section 16 hereof, and to the benefit of the indemnified parties referred to in Sections 8 and 9 hereof, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or
obligation hereunder. The term “successors” shall not include any Subsequent Purchaser of other purchaser of the Securities as such from any of the Initial Purchasers merely by reason of such purchase.  SECTION 14. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be
made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.  SECTION 15.
Governing Law Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW
PRINCIPLES THEREOF.  SECTION 16. Default of One or More of the Several Initial Purchasers. If any one or more of the
several Initial Purchasers shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on the Closing Date, and the aggregate number of Securities which such defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers agreed
but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate number of the Securities to be purchased on such date, the other Initial Purchasers shall be obligated, severally, in the proportions that the number of Securities set forth
opposite their respective names on Schedule A bears to the aggregate number of Securities set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Initial Purchasers, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Initial Purchasers with the
consent of the non-defaulting Initial Purchasers, to purchase the Securities which such defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers agreed but failed or refused to purchase on the Closing Date. If any one or more of the Initial Purchasers
shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities and the aggregate number of Securities with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate number of Securities to be purchased on the Closing Date, and arrangements
  
 24 






 
satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers and the Company for the purchase of such Securities are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any
party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 4, 6, 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case either the Initial Purchasers or the Company shall have the right to
postpone the Closing Date, as the case may be, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Final Offering Memorandum or any other documents or arrangements may be effected.  As used in this Agreement, the term “Initial Purchaser” shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Initial
Purchaser under this Section 16. Any action taken under this Section 16 shall not relieve any defaulting Initial Purchaser from liability in respect of any default of such Initial Purchaser under this Agreement.  SECTION 17. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the
Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an arm’s-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the
several Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection with
each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Initial Purchaser is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or
employees or any other party; (iii) no Initial Purchaser has assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto
(irrespective of whether such Initial Purchaser has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation of the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Initial
Purchasers and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the several Initial Purchasers have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by
virtue of any fiduciary or advisory relationship; and (v) the Initial Purchasers have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal,
accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the several Initial Purchasers, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any
claims that the Company may have against the several Initial Purchasers with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty.  SECTION 18. General Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements,
understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the
same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit.
The section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.   
 25 






 If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.   







Very truly yours,



SANDRIDGE ENERGY, INC.




By:
 
/s/ Tom L. Ward


 
Tom L. Ward


 
CEO, President and Chairman of the Board





 The foregoing Purchase Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Initial Purchasers
as of the date first above written.   







DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.




By:
 
/s/ W. Brooks Harris


 
Name: Brooks Harris


 
Title: Managing Director




By:
 
/s/ Michael V. Johnson


 
Name: Michael V. Johnson


 
Title: Managing Director





 SCHEDULE A   







 Initial Purchasers
  
Number of FirmSecurities

 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
  
1,350,000

 Barclays Capital Inc.
  
150,000

 J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
  
150,000

 RBC Capital Markets Corporation
  
150,000

 ABN AMRO Incorporated
  
56,250

 BBVA Securities, Inc.
  
56,250

 BNP Paribas Securities Corp.
  
56,250

 Comerica Securities, Inc.
  
56,250

 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.
  
56,250

 SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
  
56,250

 U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.
  
56,250

 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
  
56,250


  
 

 Total
  
2,250,000


  
 





 SCHEDULE B  PERSONS DELIVERING LOCK-UP AGREEMENTS   


 
•
 
 Tom L. Ward 


 
•
 
 Dirk M. Van Doren 


 
•
 
 Matthew K. Grubb 


 
•
 
 Todd N. Tipton 


 
•
 
 Rodney E. Johnson 


 
•
 
 William A. Gilliland 


 
•
 
 Daniel W. Jordan 


 
•
 
 Roy T. Oliver, Jr. 


 
•
 
 Stuart W. Ray 


 
•
 
 D. Dwight Scott 


 
•
 
 Jeffrey S. Serota 





 EXHIBIT A-1  Opinion of outside counsel to the Company to be delivered pursuant to Section 5 of the Purchase Agreement.  (i) The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware.  (ii) Each of the Purchase Agreement and the Certificate of Designation has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by the Company.  (iii) The shares of Common Stock into which the Securities are convertible at the initial
conversion price provided in the Certificate of Designation have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and reserved for issuance upon such conversion and, upon issuance of such shares of Common Stock on conversion of
the Securities in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation at conversion prices at or in excess of the par value of such shares of Common Stock, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. There are no preemptive rights
to acquire any such shares of Common Stock set forth in the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or in the Delaware General Corporation Law.  (iv) The Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum.  (v) The documents incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum (other than the financial
statements, financial schedules and other financial or accounting information and oil and gas reserve data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which no opinion need be rendered), when they were filed with the Commission, appeared on their
face to comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act.  (vi) The statements in the
Offering Memorandum under the caption “Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations” insofar as such statements summarize legal matters, legal agreements or legal conclusions discussed therein, fairly present in all material
respects such legal matters or legal conclusions.  (vii) The execution and delivery of the Purchase Agreement and the
Securities by the Company and the performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder (other than performance by the Company of its obligations under the indemnification and contribution sections of the Purchase Agreement, as to which no
opinion need be rendered) (i) will not result in any violation of the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or other applicable organizational document) of the Company or any subsidiary; (ii) will not constitute a breach
of, or Default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event under, the Senior Credit Facility, dated November 21, 2006, by and among SandRidge Energy, Inc. (as successor by merger to Riata Energy, Inc.) and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative
Agent and Banc of America Securities LLC as Lead Arranger and Book Running Manager, as amended; or (iii) to the best knowledge of such counsel, will not result in any violation of any statute, law, rule, judgment, regulation,
  
 A-1-1 






 
order or decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction
over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their properties; except in the case of clause (ii) and (iii), such breaches, defaults and violations that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided
however, we express no opinion in this paragraph (ix) with respect to federal or state securities laws or blue sky laws, rules or regulations or any state or federal anti-fraud statute, rule or regulation.  (viii) The Company is not, and after receipt of payment for the Securities will not be, an “investment company” within the meaning
of Investment Company Act.  (ix) Assuming the accuracy of the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and the
Initial Purchasers contained herein, no registration of the Securities under the Securities Act is required in connection with the purchase of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers or the initial resale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers
to Qualified Institutional Buyers in the manner contemplated by this Agreement and the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum. Such counsel need express no opinion, however, as to when or under what circumstances any Securities
initially sold by the Initial Purchasers may be reoffered or resold.  In addition, such counsel shall state that they have
participated in conferences with officers and other representatives of the Company, representatives of the independent public or certified public accountants for the Company and with representatives of the Initial Purchasers and their counsel at
which the contents of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum and related matters were discussed and, although such counsel is not passing upon and does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or
fairness of the statements contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Final Offering Memorandum (other than as specified above), on the basis of the foregoing, nothing has come to their attention which would lead them to believe that the
Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Time of Sale, or that the Final Offering Memorandum, as of its date or at the Closing Date, contained or contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (it being understood that such counsel need express no belief as to the financial statements or other financial or accounting or oil
and gas reserve data, included in or omitted from the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Final Offering Memorandum).  In
rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters involving the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the laws of the State of Texas, the contract laws of the State of New
York or the federal law of the United States, to the extent they deem proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion (which shall be dated the Closing Date shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Initial Purchasers, shall
expressly state that the Initial Purchasers may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them and shall be furnished to the Initial Purchasers) of other counsel of good standing whom they believe to be reliable and who are satisfactory to
counsel for the Initial Purchasers.   
 A-1-2 






 EXHIBIT A-2  Opinion of counsel for the Company to be delivered pursuant to Section 5 of the Purchase Agreement.  (i) The Company has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum and to enter into and perform its obligations under the Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Designation and the Securities.  (ii) The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which
such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.  (iii) The Company and each subsidiary possess such valid and current certificates,
authorizations or permits issued by the appropriate state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct their respective businesses, and, to such counsel’s knowledge, neither the Company nor any subsidiary has received
any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, could
have a Material Adverse Effect.  (iv) After due inquiry, such counsel does not know of any legal or governmental actions,
suits or proceedings pending or, to the best of such counsel’s knowledge, threatened (i) against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) which has as the subject thereof any officer or director of, or property owned
or leased by, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) relating to environmental or discrimination matters, where in any such case (A) there is a reasonable possibility that such action, suit or proceeding might be determined
adversely to the Company or such subsidiary and (B) any such action, suit or proceeding, if so determined adversely, would reasonably be expected to, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect or adversely affect the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. After due inquiry, such counsel does not know of any existing or, to the best of such counsel’s knowledge, threatened or pending, material labor dispute with the employees of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or with the employees of any principal supplier of the Company.  (v) To the best knowledge
of such counsel, neither the Company nor any subsidiary is in violation of its charter, by-laws or other organizational document, as the case may be.  In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to matters involving the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the laws of the State
of Texas, or the federal law of the United States, to the extent they deem proper and specified in such opinion, upon the opinion (which shall be dated the Closing Date shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Initial Purchasers, shall
expressly state that the Initial Purchasers may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them and shall be furnished to the Initial Purchasers) of other counsel of good standing whom they believe to be reliable and who are satisfactory to
counsel for the Initial Purchasers.   
 A-2-1 






 EXHIBIT B  Pricing term sheet dated January 14, 2009  to Preliminary Offering Memorandum dated
January 14, 2009  (the “Preliminary Offering Memorandum”)  SandRidge Energy, Inc.  2,250,000 Shares
 8.5% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock  (Liquidation Preference $100 per Share)   







Issuer:
  
SandRidge Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“SD”).




Ticker / Exchange:
  
SD / The New York Stock Exchange.




Title of Securities:
  
8.5% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock (the “Convertible Preferred Stock”).




Number of Shares of Convertible Preferred Stock Offered:
  
2,250,000 shares of Convertible Preferred Stock (excluding the initial purchasers’ option to purchase a maximum of 400,000 additional shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
solely to cover over-allotments, if any).




Issue Price:
  
$95.04 per share.




Proceeds, After Deducting the Initial Purchasers’ Discounts and the Estimated Expenses of the Offering Payable by SD:
  
Approximately $206,540,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the initial purchasers’ option to purchase a maximum of 400,000 additional shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock solely to cover over-allotments, if any).




Annual Dividend Rate:
  
No dividends shall accrue or accumulate on the Convertible Preferred Stock prior to August 15, 2009. Thereafter, holders of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to
receive, when, as and if declared by SD’s board of directors out of funds legally available for payment, cumulative dividends of $8.50 per annum per share (equivalent to a per annum rate of 8.5% per share).  
 B-1 














Dividend Payment Dates:
  
Dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock will be payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year (each, a “Dividend Payment Date”),
commencing on February 15, 2010, and shall accrue and accumulate from the most recent date to which dividends have been paid, or if no dividends have been paid, from August 15, 2009, and may be paid in cash or, where freely transferable by
any non-affiliate recipient thereof, in common stock as provided in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum.




Dividend Record Dates:
  
Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear on SD’s stock register on the February 1 and August 1 immediately preceding each Dividend Payment
Date.




Closing Stock Price:
  
$6.41 as of January 14, 2009.




Conversion Rights:
  
Each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will be convertible at any time on or after April 15, 2009 at the option of the holder thereof into a number of shares of SD common
stock equal to $100 divided by the Conversion Price, which is initially approximately 12.4805 shares of SD common stock.




Initial Conversion Price:
  
$8.0125 per share, subject to specified adjustments.




Conversion Premium:
  
125% of the Closing Stock Price.




Sole Book-Running Manager:
  
Deutsche Bank Securities.




Trade Date:
  
January 15, 2009.




Settlement Date:
  
January 21, 2009.




CUSIP Number:
  
80007P 406




Special Rights Upon a Fundamental Change:
  
 If a holder converts its Convertible Preferred Stock at any time beginning at the opening of business on the Trading Day immediately
following the effective date of a fundamental change and ending at the close of business on the 30th Trading Day immediately following such effective date, the holder will automatically receive a number of shares of SD common stock equal to the
greater of:   •   (i) a number of shares of SD common stock, as described under “Description of Preferred Stock—Conversion Rights” in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and subject to adjustment as described under
“Description of Preferred Stock—Conversion Price Adjustment” in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum (with such adjustment or cash payment for fractional shares as SD may elect) and (ii) the make-whole premium, if any, described under
“Description of Preferred Stock—Determination of Make-Whole Premium” in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum; and  
 B-2 















  
 •   a number of shares of SD common stock calculated by reference to an
adjusted Conversion Price equal to the greater of (i) the Market Value as of the effective date and (ii) $6.41.   In lieu of issuing the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion pursuant to the foregoing provisions, SD, at its option, may elect to make a cash payment equal to the Market Value for
such shares.




Mandatory Conversion:
  
 At any time on or after February 20, 2014, SD may at its option cause all outstanding shares of the Convertible Preferred Stock to be
automatically converted into that number of shares of SD common stock for each share of Convertible Preferred Stock equal to $100 divided by the then-prevailing Conversion Price, if the Closing Sale Price of the SD common stock equals or exceeds
130% of the then-prevailing Conversion Price for at least 20 Trading Days in a period of 30 consecutive Trading Days, including the last Trading Day of such 30-day period, ending on the Trading Day prior to SD’s issuance of a press release
announcing the mandatory conversion as described under “Description of Preferred Stock—Mandatory Conversion” in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum.   In addition to the mandatory conversion provision described above, if there are fewer than 250,000 shares of Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding, SD may,
at any time on or after February 20, 2014, at its option, cause all such outstanding shares of the Convertible Preferred Stock to be automatically converted into that number of shares of common stock equal to $100 divided by the lesser of the
then-prevailing Conversion Price and the Market Value as determined on the second Trading Day immediately prior to the Mandatory Conversion Date.




Determination of the Make-Whole Premium:
  
If you elect to convert your shares of Convertible Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of a fundamental change that occurs prior to February 20, 2014, in certain circumstances,
you will be entitled to receive, in addition to a number of shares of common stock equal to the applicable conversion rate, an additional number of shares of common stock (the “additional shares” or the “make-whole premium”) upon
conversion as described under “Description of Preferred Stock—Determination of the Make-Whole Premium” in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum.  

 B-3 















 
The following table sets forth the stock price paid, or deemed paid, per share of SD common stock in a transaction that constitutes the fundamental change, the effective date and
the make-whole premium (expressed as a number of additional shares) to be paid upon a conversion in connection with a fundamental change:  



































 Effective Date
 
Stock Price(1)

 
$6.41
 
$7.00
 
$8.00
 
$10.00
 
$12.00
 
$14.00
 
$16.00
 
$18.00
 
$20.00
 
$25.00
 
$30.00
 
$35.00
 
$40.00
 
$45.00
 
$50.00

 January 21, 2009
 
3.1201
 
2.8140
 
2.3184
 
1.6520
 
1.2294
 
0.9410
 
0.7338
 
0.5794
 
0.4612
 
0.2644
 
0.1496
 
0.0796
 
0.0359
 
0.0091
 
0.0000

 February 15, 2010
 
2.9776
 
2.6157
 
2.1404
 
1.5113
 
1.1190
 
0.8542
 
0.6654
 
0.5253
 
0.4181
 
0.2398
 
0.1356
 
0.0720
 
0.0326
 
0.0088
 
0.0000

 February 15, 2011
 
2.7103
 
2.3571
 
1.9006
 
1.3127
 
0.9586
 
0.7258
 
0.5627
 
0.4430
 
0.3521
 
0.2012
 
0.1128
 
0.0587
 
0.0249
 
0.0046
 
0.0000

 February 15, 2012
 
2.3859
 
2.0300
 
1.5795
 
1.0280
 
0.7203
 
0.5314
 
0.4061
 
0.3174
 
0.2515
 
0.1432
 
0.0793
 
0.0394
 
0.0140
 
0.0007
 
0.0000

 February 15, 2013
 
2.0529
 
1.6594
 
1.1691
 
0.6115
 
0.3533
 
0.2291
 
0.1639
 
0.1254
 
0.0995
 
0.0586
 
0.0329
 
0.0147
 
0.0019
 
0.0000
 
0.0000

 February 20, 2014
 
1.9434
 
1.4991
 
0.9089
 
0.1798
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000
 
0.0000  


(1)
The stock prices set forth in the table will be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Price of the Convertible Preferred Stock is adjusted in the same
proportion as the Conversion Price is so adjusted and in such event, the number of additional shares of common stock shall be adjusted in inverse proportion to the adjustment to the Conversion Price.   


The
exact stock prices and effective dates may not be set forth in the table above, in which case:   


 
•
 
 if the stock price is between two stock prices in the table or the effective date is between two effective dates in the table, the make-whole premium
will be determined by straight-line interpolation between make-whole premium amounts set forth for the higher and lower stock prices and the two effective dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year;   


 
•
 
 if the stock price is in excess of $50.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the stock price), no make-whole premium will be paid;
and   


 
•
 
 if the stock price is less than or equal to $6.41 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the stock price), no make-whole premium will
be paid.      This communication is intended for the sole use of the person to whom it is provided by the sender.  This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state in which such solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification of these securities under the laws of any such state.   
 B-4 






 The Convertible Preferred Stock, the common stock issuable upon conversion thereof and the common stock
issuable as a dividend on the Convertible Preferred Stock, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Convertible Preferred Stock may not be offered or sold within the United
States or to U.S. persons, except to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A. You are hereby notified that sellers of the Convertible Preferred Stock may be relying on the exemption from
the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For further details about eligible offers and resale restrictions, see “Notice to Investors” and “Transfer Restrictions” in the Preliminary Offering
Memorandum. Hedging transactions involving the Convertible Preferred Stock may not be conducted unless in compliance with the Securities Act.  The information in this term sheet supplements the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and supersedes the information in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum to the extent inconsistent with the information in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum.
This term sheet is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum. Terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings as set forth in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum.  ANY DISCLAIMER OR OTHER NOTICES THAT MAY APPEAR BELOW ARE NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS COMMUNICATION AND SHOULD BE DISREGARDED. SUCH DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES
WERE AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED AS A RESULT OF THIS COMMUNICATION BEING SENT VIA BLOOMBERG OR ANOTHER EMAIL SYSTEM.   
 B-5 






 EXHIBIT C  LOCK-UP LETTER AGREEMENT  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  60 Wall Street  New York, New York 10005
 As Representative of the several  Initial Purchasers named in Schedule A  of the Purchase Agreement referred to
below  Ladies and Gentlemen:  The undersigned understands that you and certain other firms (the “Initial Purchasers”) propose to enter into a Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) providing
for the purchase by the Initial Purchasers of shares (the “Preferred Shares”) of Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of SandRidge Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and that
the Initial Purchasers propose to reoffer the Preferred Shares to certain investors (the “Offering”). The Preferred Shares are convertible into shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the “Common
Stock”).  The undersigned is an owner of record or beneficially of certain shares of Common Stock or securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Common Stock. The undersigned recognizes that the Offering will be of benefit to the undersigned and will benefit the Company. The undersigned acknowledges that you and the other Initial Purchasers
are relying on the representations and agreements of the undersigned contained in this letter in carrying out the Offering and entering into the Purchase Agreement.  In consideration of the foregoing, the undersigned hereby irrevocably agrees that, without the prior written consent of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., on behalf of the Initial Purchasers (which consent
may be withheld in its sole discretion), the undersigned will not (and will cause any spouse or immediate family member of the spouse or the undersigned living in the undersigned household not to), directly or indirectly, sell, offer, contract or
grant any option to sell (including without limitation any short sale), pledge, transfer, establish an open “put equivalent position” or liquidate or decrease a “call equivalent position” within the meaning of Rule 16a-1
(h) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise dispose of or transfer (or enter into any transaction or device that is designed to, or could be expected to, result in the
disposition by any person at any time in the future of), including the filing (or participation in the filing of) of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect of, any shares of Common Stock, options or warrants
to acquire shares of Common Stock, or securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock currently or hereafter owned either of record or beneficially (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by the
undersigned (or such spouse and family member) or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing, for a period commencing on the date hereof and continuing through the close of trading on the date 60 days after the date of the final
offering memorandum relating to the Offering.   
 C-1 






 The foregoing shall not apply to transfers or sales of Common Stock pursuant to any
contract, instruction or plan, including a contract, instruction or plan complying with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, that has been entered into by the undersigned prior to the date of this Lock-Up Letter Agreement.  In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company and its transfer agent are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if
such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Lock-Up Letter Agreement.  It is understood that, if the Company
notifies the Initial Purchasers that it does not intend to proceed with the Offering, if the Purchase Agreement does not become effective, if the Offering shall not have commenced by March 1, 2009, or if the Purchase Agreement (other than the
provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Preferred Shares, the undersigned will be released from its obligations under this Lock-Up Letter Agreement.  Whether or not the Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Offering will only be made
pursuant to a Purchase Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Initial Purchasers.  {Signature page follows}   
 C-2 






 The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and
authority to enter into this Lock-Up Letter Agreement and that, upon request, the undersigned will execute any additional documents necessary in connection with the enforcement hereof. Any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the
heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.   







Very truly yours,




By:
 
 

Name:
 
  
 C-3 









