
EX-10.12
7
v244434_ex10-12.htm
EX-10.12



     



 



Exhibit 10.12

PENN VIRGINIA CORPORATION

AMENDED AND RESTATED
EMPLOYEE CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

This Amended and
Restated Employee Change of Control Severance Agreement (“Agreement”) between Penn Virginia Corporation, a Virginia
corporation (the “Company”), and Michael E. Stamper (“Employee”) is made and entered into effective as
of October 17, 2008 (the “Effective Date”).

WHEREAS,
Employee is a key employee of the Company; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and Employee previously entered into that certain Employee Change of Control Severance Agreement dated February 28,
2006 (the “Prior Agreement”); and

WHEREAS,
the Company and Employee desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement to comply with section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code,
as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder (the “Code”); and

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has authorized and directed the Company to enter into this Agreement;

THEREFORE,
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Employee agree
as follows:


1.Term of Agreement.


A.The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall
continue in effect through the first anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, that commencing on the first day following
the Effective Date and on each day thereafter, the Term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one additional day
unless the Company shall give written notice to Employee that the Term shall cease to be so extended, in which event this Agreement
shall terminate on the first anniversary of the date such notice is given.


B.Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if a Change of Control occurs during
the Term of this Agreement, the Term shall automatically be extended until, and shall terminate on, the 12-month anniversary of
the date of the Change of Control.


C.Termination of this Agreement shall not alter or impair any rights of Employee arising hereunder
on or before such termination.




     
     
    


 


2.Certain Definitions.


A.“Affiliate” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Person in question.
As used herein, the term “control” means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.


B.“Cause” shall mean (i) the willful and continued failure by Employee to substantially
perform Employee’s duties with the Company or any Affiliate (other than any such failure resulting from Employee’s
incapacity due to physical or mental illness), (ii) Employee is convicted of a felony, (iii) Employee willfully engages in gross
misconduct materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company or any Affiliate or (iv) Employee commits one or more significant
acts of dishonesty as regards the Company or any Affiliate. For purposes of clause (i) of this definition, no act, or failure to
act, on Employee’s part shall be deemed “willful” unless done, or omitted to be done, by Employee not in good
faith and without reasonable belief that Employee’s act, or failure to act, was in the best interest of the Company.


C.“Change of Control” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:


(i)any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an
employee benefit plan of the Company, becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act),
directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the Company’s
then outstanding voting securities;


(ii)during any period of two consecutive years (not including any period prior to the effective date
of the Prior Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than
a director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause
(i), (iii) or (v) of this Change of Control definition and excluding any individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as
a result of either (a) an actual or threatened election contest (as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated
under the Exchange Act) or (b) an actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than
the Board) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company’s shareholders was approved by a vote of
at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election
or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason (other than retirement) to constitute at least a majority
thereof;




    2
     
    


 


(iii)the shareholders of the Company approve the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding
immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities
of the surviving entity) at least 75% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company (or such surviving entity
or parent entity, as the case may be) outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation;


(iv)the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company; or


(v)the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,
it being acknowledged for purposes of clarity that the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of its interest
in PVG GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Penn Virginia GP Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“PVG”),
Penn Virginia Resource GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or Penn Virginia Resource Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership (“PVR”), does not constitute a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.


D.“Person” shall mean an individual or a corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, government agency or political subdivision thereof
or other entity.


E.“Protected Period” shall mean the 12-month period beginning on the effective
date of a Change of Control.


F.“Termination Base Salary” shall mean that amount equal to Employee’s annual
base salary with the Company at the rate in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control or, if a greater amount, Employee’s
annual base salary at the rate in effect at any time thereafter.


3.Change of Control Severance Benefits.

If the Company
terminates Employee’s employment during the Protected Period other than (i) for Cause or (ii) due to Employee’s inability
to perform the primary duties of his position for at least 180 consecutive days due to a physical or mental impairment, Employee
shall receive the following compensation and benefits from the Company subject to the execution (and non-revocation within eight
days thereafter) and delivery to the Company of a release, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, with such changes
as the Company reasonably determines must be made to comply with applicable law at the time of such execution (the “Release”):


    3
     
    



A.The Company shall, at the time provided in Section 3E, pay to Employee in a lump sum, in cash,
an amount equal to Employee’s Termination Base Salary.


B.Except to the extent any awards related to Company stock, PVG common units or PVR common units
have already vested or become exercisable, as the case may be, under the Company’s Fifth Amended and Restated 1999 Employee
Stock Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), the PVG GP, LLC Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “PVG LTIP”)
or the Penn Virginia Resource GP, LLC Fourth Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “PVR LTIP”), or under
any successor or other similar plan, as of the date of Employee’s termination of employment (i) all restricted shares of
Company stock, all restricted PVG units and all restricted PVR units of Employee shall become 100% vested and all restrictions
thereon shall lapse and the Company, PVG and PVR shall promptly deliver to Employee unrestricted shares of Company stock, unrestricted
PVG common units and unrestricted PVR common units, (ii) all Company restricted stock units, all PVG phantom units and all
PVR phantom units of Employee shall become 100% vested and all restrictions thereon shall lapse and the Company, PVG and PVR shall
promptly deliver to Employee cash or unrestricted shares of Company stock, unrestricted PVG common units or unrestricted PVR common
units, as applicable, and (iii) each outstanding Company stock option, PVG unit option and PVR unit option of Employee shall become
100% exercisable and shall, notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary in the Plan, the PVG LTIP, the PVR LTIP, any successor
or other similar plan or any option agreement related thereto, remain exercisable for the remainder of such option’s term
or three years, whichever is less. To the extent payment with respect to any restricted or phantom unit award under clause (i)
or clause (ii) above constitutes a payment event for purposes of section 409A of the Code, payment shall be made at the time specified
hereunder only if the transaction constituting a Change of Control is a “change in control event” within the meaning
given such term under section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder. If the transaction constituting a Change of Control
is not a “change in control event” within the meaning given such term under section 409A of the Code and the regulations
thereunder, payment with respect to any restricted or phantom unit award under clause (i) or clause (ii) above shall be made at
such time or times as set forth in the Plan, the PVG LTIP or the PVR LTIP, or any successor or other similar plan or any grant
agreement related thereto.




    4
     
    


 


C.Within one week following the eighth day after the execution (without revocation) of the Release,
the Company shall provide to Employee a release substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, with such changes as the
Company reasonably determines must be made to comply with applicable law at the time of such execution. If the Company does not
provide the release required pursuant to this subsection C, the Release shall be null, void and without effect, and Employee shall
still receive all of the payments and benefits described in subsections A and B above.


D.The Company may withhold from any amounts or benefits payable under this Agreement all such amounts
as it shall be required to withhold pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.


E.Payment of the amounts described in subsections A and B above shall be made within 30 days of Employee’s
date of termination (provided that the Release has been executed and has not been revoked) and shall be made by mail to the last
address provided for notices to Employee pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement. Any payment not timely made by the Company under
this Agreement shall bear interest at 18% per annum or, if less, at the highest nonusurious rate permitted by applicable law.


This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty sanctions under section 409A of the Code.
If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring sanctions under section 409A
of the Code, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not
be imposed. For purposes of section 409A of the Code, all payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement
may only be made upon a “separation from service” within the meaning of such term under section 409A of the Code and
each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under
this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, including, where applicable,
the requirement that (i) any reimbursement shall be for expenses incurred during Employee’s lifetime (or during a shorter
period of time specified in this Agreement), (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided,
during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other
calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following
the year in which the expense is incurred and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation
or exchange for another benefit.




    5
     
    


 


Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if, at the time of Employee’s
“separation from service” with the Company, the Company has securities which are publicly traded on an established
securities market and Employee is a “specified employee” (as defined in section 409A of the Code) and it is necessary
to postpone the commencement of any compensation payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result
of such “separation from service” to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under section 409A of the Code, then
the Company will postpone the commencement of the payment of any such compensation payments or benefits hereunder (without any
reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Employee) that are not otherwise paid within the “short-term
deferral exception” under Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and the “separation pay exception” under Treas.
Reg. section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six months following Employee’s
“separation from service” with the Company. If any payments are postponed due to such requirements, such amounts will
be paid in a lump sum to Employee on the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six months following Employee’s
“separation from service” with the Company. If Employee dies during the postponement period prior to the payment of
the postponed amount, the amounts postponed on account of section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative
of Employee’s estate within 60 days after the date of Employee’s death. In no event shall Employee, directly or indirectly,
designate the calendar year of payment.


4.Restrictive Covenants.


A.Confidential Information. Employee recognizes and acknowledges that, by reason of his employment
by and service to the Company, he has had and will continue to have access to confidential information of the Company and its Affiliates,
including, without limitation, analyses, interpretations, compilations, reports, reservoir data, geologic and geophysical data,
maps, models, financial data, environmental data, information and knowledge pertaining to products and services offered, plans,
trade secrets, proprietary information, customer lists and relationships among the Company and its Affiliates and distributors,
customers, suppliers and others who have business dealings with the Company and its Affiliates (“Confidential Information”).
Employee acknowledges that such Confidential Information is a valuable and unique asset and covenants that he will not, either
during or after his employment by the Company, disclose any such Confidential Information to any Person for any reason whatsoever
without the prior written consent of the Board, unless such information is in the public domain through no fault of Employee or
except as may be required by law.


B.Non-Solicitation. Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, during his employment by the
Company and for a period of two years thereafter, solicit or divert business from, or attempt to convert any account or customer
of the Company or any of its Affiliates, whether existing at the date hereof or acquired during Employee’s employment.




    6
     
    


 


5.Equitable Relief.


A.Employee acknowledges that the restrictions contained in Section 4 hereof are reasonable and necessary
to protect the legitimate interests of the Company and its Affiliates, that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement
in the absence of such restrictions and that any violation of any provision of those Sections will result in irreparable injury
to the Company. Employee further represents and acknowledges that (i) he has been advised by the Company to consult his own legal
counsel in respect of this Agreement and (ii) he has had full opportunity, prior to execution of this Agreement, to review thoroughly
this Agreement with his counsel.


B.Employee agrees that the Company or any Affiliate shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent
injunctive relief, without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting a bond, as well as to an equitable accounting of
all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from any violation of Section 4 hereof, which rights shall be cumulative and in
addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company or any Affiliate may be entitled. In the event that any of the provisions
of Section 4 hereof should ever be adjudicated to exceed any limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction, then
such provisions shall be deemed reformed in such jurisdiction to the maximum limitations permitted by applicable law.


C.Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agrees that any suit, action or other legal proceeding
arising out of Section 4 hereof, including without limitation, any action commenced by the Company or any Affiliate for preliminary
and permanent injunctive relief or other equitable relief, may be brought in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania, or if such court does not have jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, in any court of general jurisdiction
in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, (ii) consents to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding
and (iii) waives any objection which Employee may have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such
court. Employee also irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the service of any process, pleadings, notices or other papers
in a manner permitted by the notice provisions of Section 9 hereof. In the event of a lawsuit by either party to enforce the provisions
of Section 4 of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable costs, expenses and attorneys’
fees from the other party.


6.No Mitigation.

Employee shall not be required
to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise nor shall the amount
of any payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement be reduced as the result of employment by another employer or self-employment
or offset against any amount claimed to be owed by Employee to the Company or otherwise, except that Employee shall waive, in
a manner acceptable to the Company in its reasonable judgment, all rights to receive any severance payments or benefits that Employee
is entitled to receive pursuant to any other Company severance plan or program.




    7
     
    



7.Successor Agreement.

The Company will require any successor
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or
assets of the Company to, and each successor shall, assume expressly in writing prior to the effective date of such succession
and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if
no succession had taken place. Failure of the successor to so assume as provided herein shall constitute a breach of this Agreement
and entitle Employee to the payments and benefits hereunder as if triggered by a termination of Employee by the Company other than
for Cause on the date of such succession.


8.Indemnity.

In any situation where under applicable
law the Company has the power to indemnify, advance expenses to and defend Employee in respect of any judgments, fines, settlements,
losses, costs or expenses (including attorneys’ fees) of any nature related to or arising out of Employee’s activities
as an agent, employee, officer or director of the Company or any Affiliate or in any other capacity on behalf of or at the request
of the Company or any Affiliate, then the Company or any Affiliate shall promptly on written request, fully indemnify Employee,
advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees) to Employee and defend Employee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, including but not limited to making such findings and determinations and taking any and all such actions as the Company or
any Affiliate may, under applicable law, be permitted to take so as to effectuate such indemnification, advancement or defense.
Such agreement by the Company shall not be deemed to impair any other obligation of the Company respecting Employee’s indemnification
or defense otherwise arising out of this or any other agreement or promise of the Company under any statute.


9.Notices.

All notices and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as either party shall have furnished
to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notices and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee.


    8
     
    


If to the Company:

Three Radnor Corporate Center

Suite 300

100 Matsonford Road

Radnor, Pennsylvania 19087

If to Employee:

The address included in the Company’s
records for purposes of delivering Employee’s Form W-2s.


10.Arbitration.

Any dispute about the validity,
interpretation, effect or alleged violation of this Agreement, other than with respect to Section 4 or 5 (an “arbitrable
dispute”), must be submitted to confidential arbitration in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Arbitration shall take place before an experienced employment arbitrator licensed to practice law in such state and selected in
accordance with the Model Employment Arbitration Procedures of the American Arbitration Association. Arbitration shall be the exclusive
remedy of any arbitrable dispute. The Company shall bear all fees, costs and expenses of arbitration, including its own, those
of the arbitrator and those of Employee unless the arbitrator provides otherwise with respect to the fees, costs and expenses of
Employee; in no event shall Employee be chargeable with the fees, costs and expenses of the Company or the arbitrator. The Company
shall advance to Employee all expenses incurred by Employee in connection with an arbitrable dispute and, if the arbitrator determines
that Employee is the losing party in such dispute, Employee shall reimburse such expenses to the Company unless the arbitrator
provides otherwise. Should any party to this Agreement pursue any arbitrable dispute by any method other than arbitration, the
other party shall be entitled to recover from the party initiating the use of such method all damages, costs, expenses and attorneys’
fees incurred as a result of the use of such method. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement
shall purport to waive or in any way limit the right of any party to seek to enforce any judgment or decision on an arbitrable
dispute in a court of competent jurisdiction. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for the purposes of any proceeding arising
out of this Agreement.


11.Governing Law.

This Agreement will be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to conflicts of law principles.


    9
     
    



12.Entire Agreement.

This Agreement is an integration
of the parties’ agreement and no agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the
subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement.


13.Severability.

The invalidity or unenforceability
of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which
shall remain in full force and effect.


14.Amendment and Waivers.

No provision of this Agreement may
be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is (a) agreed to in writing and signed by Employee
and the Company and (b) approved by the Chairperson of the Company’s Compensation and Benefits Committee. No waiver by either
party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this
Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the
same or at any prior or subsequent time.

 

[Signature Page Follows]

 




    10
     
    


 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company and Employee have executed this Agreement effective for all purposes as of the Effective Date.

 



     
    PENN VIRGINIA CORPORATION

     
     
     
     

     
     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ Nancy M. Snyder

     
     
    Name:
    Nancy M. Snyder

     
     
    Title:
    Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer

     
     
     
     

     
     
     
     

     
    EMPLOYEE

     
     
     
     

     
     

     
    /s/ Michael E. Stamper

     
    Michael E. Stamper

 

JOINDER:

PVG GP, LLC and
Penn Virginia Resource GP, LLC hereby agree to comply with the provisions of Section 3B hereof.

 



     
    PVG GP, LLC

     
     
     
     

     
     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ Nancy M. Snyder

     
     
    Name:
    Nancy M. Snyder

     
     
    Title:
    Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer

     
     
     
     

     
     
     
     

     
    PENN VIRGINIA RESOURCE GP, LLC

     
     
     
     

     
     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ Nancy M. Snyder

     
     
    Name:
    Nancy M. Snyder

     
     
    Title:
    Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer


 




    11
     
    


 

Exhibit A

RELEASE OF EMPLOYER

 

 

 

THIS RELEASE, made and entered into on this
______ day of __________, 20_, by __________________________, of ____________________________ (“Employee”).

 

 

WITNESSETH:

 

 

WHEREAS, Penn Virginia Corporation (hereinafter
“Employer”) currently employs Employee as its ___________________________, but Employee’s employment [will terminate/has
terminated] effective as of _______________, 20__; and

 

WHEREAS, Employer and Employee have entered
into an Employee Change of Control Severance Agreement dated as of _______________, 20__ (the “Severance Agreement”)
in connection with the termination of Employee’s employment;

 

NOW, THEREFORE, for the consideration described
herein, Employee, intending to be legally bound, hereby agrees as follows:

 

1.	For
and in consideration of (a) the benefits to be paid to Employee under the Severance Agreement and (b) the Release executed by
Employer pursuant to Section 3.C. of the Severance Agreement (the “Employee Release”),
Employee does hereby REMISE, RELEASE, AND FOREVER DISCHARGE Employer and each of its subsidiaries
and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, unitholders, partners, employees and agents and
their respective successors and assigns, heirs, executors and administrators (hereinafter in this paragraph collectively referred
to as “Employer”), acting in any capacity whatsoever, of and from any and all manner of actions and causes of actions,
suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in equity, which he ever had, now has, or hereafter may have, or which his
heirs, executors or administrators hereafter may have, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever from the beginning of
time to the date of this Release including and arising from or relating in any way to his employment relationship or the termination
of that employment relationship with Employer, including but not limited to, any claims which
have been asserted, could have been asserted, or could be asserted now or in the future under any federal, state or local laws,
including any claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”), 29 U.S.C. §621 et seq.,
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §2000e et seq., the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act,
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, any contracts between Employer
and Employee, any common law claims now or hereafter recognized and all claims for counsel fees and costs. Employee expressly
waives all rights afforded by any statute or otherwise which expressly limit the effect of a release with respect to unknown claims.
Employee acknowledges the significance of this release of unknown claims and the waiver of any protection against a release of
unknown claims. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee shall be entitled to enforce the terms of the Employee Release and any
employee benefit plan of Employer in which Employee is, on the date of this Release, due a benefit,
and to be indemnified by Employer as to any liability, cost or expense for which Employee would
have been indemnified during employment, in accordance with the bylaws of Employer, for actions
taken on behalf of Employer within the scope of his employment by Employer.

 




    12
     
    


 

2.	Employee
further agrees, covenants and promises that he will not in any way communicate the terms of this Release to any person other than
his immediate family, his attorney and his financial consultant or when necessary to enforce this Release or to advise a third
party of his obligations under this Release. Employee agrees not
to disparage the name, business reputation or business practices of Employer, or any of its
subsidiaries or affiliates, or their respective officers, employees and directors.

 

	3.	Employee certifies he
has read the terms of this Release and specifically the release in Section 1, that he has the opportunity to discuss this Release
with his attorney, and that he understands the terms and effects of this Release. Employee acknowledges,
further, that he is executing this Release of his own volition, with a full understanding of the terms and effects thereof and
with the intention of releasing all claims recited herein in exchange for the consideration described above, which he acknowledges
is adequate and satisfactory. No representations have been made to Employee concerning the terms or effects of this Release, other
than those contained herein.

 

	4.	Employee hereby acknowledges that he has the right to
consider this Release and the release in Section 1 for a period of 21 days prior to execution. Employee also understands that he
has the right to revoke this Release for a period of seven days following execution by giving written notice to Penn
Virginia Corporation, Attention: General Counsel, Four Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 200, 100 Matsonford Road, Radnor,
PA  19087, in which event the provisions of this Release shall be null and void, and Employer and Employee shall each
have the rights, duties, obligations and remedies afforded by applicable law.

 

	5.	Employee further acknowledges and agrees that if he materially
violates any of his obligations or covenants set forth in this Release (and has not cured such violation within 10 days of receiving
written notice of such violation from Employer), he will forfeit all payments made to him under the Severance Agreement and any
and all future payments and benefits thereunder, hereunder and under the Employee Release shall immediately terminate as of the
violation.

 

	6.	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of
this Release shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Release, which shall remain in full
force and effect.

 




    13
     
    


 

	7.	This Release shall be interpreted and enforced under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This Release shall be binding and shall inure to the benefit of Employer’s permitted
successors and assigns.

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employee executed this Release
on the day and year first above written.

 



    ATTEST:
     
     

     
     
     

     
     
     

     
     
     

     
     
     

    Witness
     
    Employee


 




     
     
    


 

Exhibit B

RELEASE OF EMPLOYEE

 

THIS
RELEASE, made and entered into on this ______ day of __________, 200_, by PENN VIRGINIA CORPORATION (hereinafter “Employer”),
with its principal office at Four Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 200, 100 Matsonford Road, Radnor, PA 19087.

 

 

WITNESSETH:

 

 

		WHEREAS, Employer currently employs ____________________
(“Employee” as its ___________________________, but Employee’s employment [will terminate/has terminated] effective
as of _______________, 200__; and

 

WHEREAS, Employer and Employee have entered
into an Employee Change of Control Severance Agreement dated as of _______________, 200__ (the “Severance Agreement”)
in connection with the termination of Employee’s employment;

 

NOW, THEREFORE, for the consideration described
herein, Employer, intending to be legally bound, hereby agrees as follows:

 

	1.	 In consideration of the Release
executed by Employee pursuant to Section 3 of the Severance Agreement (the “Employer Release”),
but effective only upon such Employer Release becoming irrevocable, Employer, and on behalf of
each of its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, each of their respective officers, directors shareholders and unitholders, and
their respective successors and assigns, heirs, executors and administrators (hereinafter collectively included within the term
"Employer"), does hereby REMISE, RELEASE, AND FOREVER DISCHARGE Employee, his assigns, heirs, executors and administrators
(hereinafter collectively included within the term "Employee"), acting in any capacity whatsoever, of and from any and
all manner of actions and causes of actions, suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in equity, which it ever had,
now has, or hereafter may have, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever from the beginning of Employee's employment
with Employer to the date of this Release arising from or relating in any way to Employee's employment relationship or the termination
of his employment relationship with Employer, including but not limited to, any claims which have been asserted, could have been
asserted, or could be asserted now or in the future under any federal, state or local laws, any contracts between Employer and
Employee, any common law claims now or hereafter recognized and all claims for counsel fees and costs, but in no event shall this
Release apply to an act of fraud or any action outside the scope of Employee's employment nor to Employer’s enforcement of
the terms of the Employer Release.

 

	2.	Employer certifies it
has read the terms of this Release and specifically the release in Section 1, that it has the opportunity to discuss this Release
with its attorney, and that it understands the terms and effects of this Release. Employer acknowledges,
further, that it is executing this Release of its own volition, with a full understanding of the terms and effects thereof and
with the intention of releasing all claims recited herein in exchange for the consideration described above, which it acknowledges
is adequate and satisfactory. No representations have been made to Employer concerning the terms or effects of this Release, other
than those contained herein.

 




    2
     
    
 

 

	3.	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of
this Release shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Release, which shall remain in full
force and effect.

 

	4.	This Release shall be interpreted and enforced under the
laws of the

Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This Release shall be binding and
shall inure to the benefit of Employer’s permitted successors and assigns.

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer executed this Release
on the day and year first above written.

 



    ATTEST:
     
    PENN VIRGINIA CORPORATION

     
     
     
     

     
     
     
     

     
     
    By:
     

     
     
     
    Name:

     
     
     
    Title:

 




    3
    
 








