
EX-10.2
3
d329067dex102.htm
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SENIOR SECURED MULTICURRENCY CREDIT FACILITY AGREEMENT


First Amendment to Senior Secured Multicurrency Credit Facility Agreement

 

 Exhibit 10.2  [Société Générale letterhead]   


To:
Carrizo UK Huntington Ltd (the “Borrower”)   


From:
Société Générale as Facility Agent for and on behalf of the Finance Parties 
 


Date:
17 April 2012  Dear Sirs, 
 


1.
INTRODUCTION   


1.1
We refer to the $84,000,000 senior secured multicurrency credit facility agreement dated 28 January 2011 (the “Facility Agreement”) between, among
others, the Borrower and Société Générale.   


1.2
Unless otherwise stated, terms defined in the Facility Agreement (whether expressly or by incorporation) have the same meaning when used in this letter.
  


2.
AMENDMENTS   


 
With
effect from the date of your countersignature to this letter:   


2.1
the definition of “Final Completion Date” in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Facility Agreement shall be amended by deleting “31 December
2012” and replacing this with “30 June 2013”; and   


2.2
Schedule 12 (Repayment Schedule) of the Facility Agreement shall be amended by deleting the repayment schedule in full and replacing it with the repayment
schedule set out in the Annex to this letter.   


3.
CONSENT LEVEL  In order
to effect the amendments to the Facility Agreement in paragraph 2 above, the consent of all the Lenders is required.   


4.
FACILITY AGENT CONFIRMATION  The Facility Agent confirms that all Lenders have consented to the amendments referred to in paragraph 2 of this letter.   


5.
REPRESENTATIONS  The
Borrower confirms, by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing, to each Finance Party that on the date of this letter the Repeating Representations are true. 
 


6.
GENERAL   


6.1
Save as expressly provided for in this letter, no provision of any Finance Document is waived, amended or otherwise modified and the amendments contemplated in this
letter shall be without prejudice to the rights and remedies of the Finance Parties with respect to any other matters.   


6.2
This letter is designated a Finance Document.   


6.3
This letter may be executed in a number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this letter.








6.4
This letter and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this letter are governed by English law. 
 


6.5
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this letter (including any non-contractual dispute
or claim).   


6.6
Please confirm your acceptance of the terms of this letter by counter-signing this letter or a copy of it. 
 










Yours faithfully



/s/ Brian Courtney

 For and on behalf of Société Générale as Facility Agent for and on behalf of the Finance Parties
 We agree to the terms of this letter:   













 
/s/ Gerald A. Morton
 
                Date: 17 April 2012
 For and on behalf of  Carrizo UK Huntington Ltd  for and on behalf of itself and Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc.

   2 



