
EX-10
4
Exhibit_10.2_JH_Agreement.htm









 









 



 






EXHIBIT
10.2

SEPARATION
AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

This
SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is entered
into by and between Concho Resources Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),
and Jack F. Harper (“Employee”) (the Company and Employee are
referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties”). 

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Company and Employee have previously entered into that certain Employment
Agreement effective as of January 1, 2009, as amended (the “Employment Agreement”);
and

WHEREAS,
Employee desires to retire from the Company effective January 2, 2013 (the “Separation
Date”); and

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes to provide Employee with certain benefits in connection with
his separation from the Company, and Employee wishes to receive such benefits,
which such benefits are expressly conditioned upon Employee’s execution (and
non-revocation in the time provided to do so) of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
the Parties wish to fully and finally resolve all claims that may now exist
between them, including without limitation all claims arising out of Employee’s
employment with the Company and the end of that employment by entering into
this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby
agree:

Section 1.               
 Severance Benefits.  If Employee executes and returns this Agreement to
the Company within twenty-one (21) days after the date upon which Employee
received this Agreement from the Company (but in no event prior to the
Separation Date), and if Employee does not revoke this Agreement within seven
(7) days of execution, then the Company agrees to each of the following:

A.                  
 To pay to Employee within fifteen
(15) days of Employee’s execution of this Agreement an annual incentive payment
under the Company’s annual cash incentive plan for calendar year 2012 in the
amount of $400,000.00; and

B.                   
 To the extent that the stock
option awarded to Employee by the Company pursuant to that certain Nonstatutory
Stock Option Agreement dated February 26, 2009 (the “Option Agreement”) is not
exercisable and vested as of the Separation Date (which is the case with
respect to 3,272 shares of the Company’s common stock (“Common Stock”) that
have a purchase price per share of $20.40), to cause such stock option to
become fully exercisable and vested and to remain exercisable for such period
provided under the Option Agreement in connection with a voluntary termination
of employment with the Company by Employee; and

C.                   
 To the extent that the shares of
restricted stock awarded to Employee by the Company pursuant to those certain
Restricted Stock Agreements dated February 26, 2009 (the “February 2009 RSA”),
February 23, 2010 (the “February 2010 RSA”), and February 22, 2011 (the
“February 2011 RSA”) are not fully vested as of the Separation Date, to cause
such shares of restricted stock to become immediately vested and
nonforfeitable.  The Parties acknowledge and agree that as of the Separation
Date: (i) 1,838 shares of Common Stock are not fully vested under the February
2009 RSA; (ii) 4,398 shares of Common Stock are not fully vested under the
February 2010 RSA; and (iii) 5,910 shares of Common Stock are not fully vested
under the February 2011 RSA.

Section 2.               
 Separation from Employment.  The Parties acknowledge and agree that Employee’s
employment with the Company ends on the Separation Date.  In connection with
such termination of the employment relationship, Employee acknowledges and
agrees that he will forfeit to the Company for no consideration on the
Separation Date all of the shares of restricted stock awarded to Employee by
the Company pursuant to those certain Restricted Stock Agreements dated October
7, 2010 and February 21, 2012 which have not vested on or before the Separation
Date. 

Section 3.               
 Certain Restrictive Covenants
in the Employment Agreement.  The
Parties acknowledge and agree that (a) the covenants contained in Section
7.1(a)(ii)(1) of the Employment Agreement shall not apply to Employee after the
Separation Date and (b) all other covenants in Articles 6 and 7 of the
Employment Agreement shall continue to apply and be enforceable against
Employee from and after the Separation Date.








 



 






 







 



 






Section
4.               
 General Release. 

A.            In consideration for the severance
benefits to be provided by the Company under this Agreement, Employee hereby
releases and discharges the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and all
past, present and future stockholders, members, partners, directors, officers,
managers, employees, agents, attorneys, heirs, legal representatives,
successors and assigns of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well
as all employee benefit plans maintained by such entities and all fiduciaries
and administrators of any such plan, in their personal and representative
capacities (collectively the “Released Parties”), from liability
for, and hereby waives, any and all claims, rights, damages, or causes of
action of any kind or nature whatsoever, including but not limited to those
related to Employee’s employment or other relationship with any Released Party,
the termination of any such relationship, and any other acts or omissions
related to any matter on or prior to the date Employee signs this Agreement
(collectively, the “Released Claims”).  The Released Claims
include, without limitation, those arising under or related to: (i) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of
1967, as amended; (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended;
(iii) the Civil Rights Act of 1991; (iv) Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42
of the United States Code, as amended; (v) the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended; (vi) the Immigration Reform Control Act, as
amended; (vii) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended; (viii)
the National Labor Relations Act, as amended; (ix) the Occupational Safety and
Health Act, as amended; (x) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as
amended; (xi) any state or federal anti-discrimination law; (xii) any state or
federal wage and hour law; (xiii) any other local, state or federal law,
regulation or ordinance; (xiv) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law
claim; (xv) costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys’ fees incurred
in these matters; (xvi) the Employment Agreement or any other employment
contract, incentive compensation plan or equity ownership plan with any
Released Party or any ownership interest in any Released Party; and (xvii)
compensation or benefits of any kind from any Released Party.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in no event shall the Released Claims include (a) any claim that
arises after the date Employee signs this Agreement, (b) any rights to the
equity interests in the Company and stock options that Employee holds as of the
date hereof which remain subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable
award agreements and plans as modified in Section 1 above, (c) any claims for
indemnification under that certain Indemnification Agreement between Employee
and the Company dated August 21, 2007, or (d) any claims for benefits to be
provided to Employee under this Agreement.  

B.            Notwithstanding this release of
liability, nothing in this Agreement prevents Employee from filing any
non-legally waivable claim, including a challenge to the validity of this
Agreement with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”)
or comparable state or local agency, or participating in any investigation or
proceeding conducted by the EEOC or comparable state or local agency; however,
Employee understands and agrees that Employee is waiving any and all rights to
recover any monetary or personal relief or recovery as a result of such EEOC or
comparable state or local agency proceeding or subsequent legal actions.  

C.            This Release is not intended
to indicate that any Released Claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are
meritorious.  Rather, Employee is simply agreeing that, in exchange for
the consideration provided pursuant to this Agreement, any and all potential claims
of this nature that Employee may have against the Released Parties, regardless
of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised and
waived. 

D.            By signing this Agreement,
Employee is bound by it.  Anyone who succeeds to Employee’s rights and
responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Employee’s estate, is also
bound by this Agreement.  This release also applies to any claims brought by
any person or agency on behalf of any class with respect to which Employee may
have a right or benefit.  THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE
SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT, INCLUDING
STRICT LIABILITY, OF ANY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES.

Section 5.               
 Covenant Not To Sue.  Employee agrees not to bring or join any lawsuit
against any of the Released Parties in any court relating to any of the
Released Claims.  Employee represents that Employee has not brought or joined
any lawsuit or arbitration against any of the Released Parties in any court or
before any arbitral authority and has made no assignment of any rights Employee
has asserted or may have against any of the Released Parties to any person or
entity, in each case, with respect to any Released Claims. 

Section 6.               
 Acknowledgments of Employee.  In connection with the execution of this Agreement,
Employee makes the following representations, acknowledgements and explicit
statements of agreement:

A.                  
 Employee represents that Employee
has the capacity to read this Agreement, understand its language, meaning and
effect, and consents to the execution of this Agreement.  Employee further
represents that he has carefully read this Agreement.








 



 






 







 



 






B.                   
 Employee acknowledges that
Employee would not otherwise have been entitled to the consideration described
in Section 1 and that the Company has agreed to provide such consideration
partially in return for Employee’s agreement to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement.

C.                   
 Employee acknowledges and
represents that the Company has advised and hereby advises Employee in writing
to discuss both the form and content of this Agreement with an attorney before
Employee signs this Agreement, and that Employee has had adequate opportunity
to do so.

D.                  
 Employee fully understands the
final and binding effect of this Agreement; the only promises made to Employee
to sign this Agreement are those stated herein; and Employee is signing this
Agreement voluntarily and of Employee’s own free will, and that Employee
understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement.

E.                   
 Employee has been given at least
twenty-one (21) days to review this Agreement before executing it.  

F.                    
 Employee may revoke this Agreement
within the seven-day period beginning on the day after the date upon which
Employee signs this Agreement (such period being referred to herein as the
“Release Revocation Period”).  To be effective, such revocation must be in
writing signed by Employee and must be delivered to the General Counsel of the
Company before 11:59 p.m., Midland, Texas, time, on the last day of the Release
Revocation Period.  This Agreement is not effective until the expiration of the
Release Revocation Period without Employee’s revocation.  If an effective
revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement
shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio. 

Section 7.               
 Miscellaneous.   

A.                  
 Notices.  For purposes of this
Agreement, notices and all communications provided for herein shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered
or when mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to the Company to:                        Concho
Resources, Inc.
                                                                One Concho
Center
                                                                600 W. Illinois
Avenue
                                                                Suite 100
                                                                Midland, Texas
79701
                                                                Attention: 
General Counsel

If to Employee to:                               Jack F.
Harper
                                                                P.O. Box 882
                                                                Midland, Texas
79702

B.                   
 Applicable Law.  This Agreement is entered into under, and shall be
governed for all purposes by, the laws of the state of Texas.  

C.                   
 No Waiver.  No failure by either Party at any time to give notice
of any breach by the other Party of, or to require compliance with, any
condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or
dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent
time.

D.                  
 Severability.  Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by reason of applicable law shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating or affecting the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall
not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction.

E.                   
 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which
together will constitute one and the same Agreement.

F.                    
 Withholding of Taxes.  The Company may withhold from any benefits and
payments made pursuant to this Agreement all federal, state, city and other
taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or
ruling.








 



 






 







 



 






G.                  
 Headings.  The section and paragraph headings have been
inserted for purposes of convenience and shall not be used for interpretive
purposes.

H.                  
 Gender and Plurals.  Wherever the context so requires, the masculine
gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the
plural and conversely.

I.                     
 Assignment.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Company and any successor of the Company, by merger or
otherwise.  This Agreement shall also be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of Employee and his estate.  Employee shall not have any right to pledge,
hypothecate, anticipate or assign this Agreement or the rights hereunder,
except by will or the laws of descent and distribution.

Section 8.               
 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of
the Parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and contains all the
covenants, promises, representations, warranties and agreements between the
Parties with respect to such subject matter.  Without limiting the scope of the
preceding sentence, all understandings and agreements preceding the date of
execution of this Agreement and relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby
null and void and of no further force and effect.  Any modification of this
Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the Party to
be charged.

[Signature
page follows.] 











 



 






 







 



 






IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the dates
indicated below, to be effective as provided in Section 6.F above.

 

 

 

/s/ Jack F. Harper                                                                                

Jack F. Harper

 

Date:  January 2, 2013                                                                       

 

 

Accepted and Agreed:

Concho Resources Inc.

 

 

By:         /s/ C. William Giraud                                                          

                C. William Giraud, Senior Vice President

 

 

Date:      January 2, 2013                                                                   

 










 



 






 

