<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-10.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.10

                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT

     THIS is dated  and  effective  as of the 1st day of  September,  2013  (the
"Effective Date").

BETWEEN:

          INDEPENDENCE  ENERGY CORP. a corporation  organized  under the laws of
          the State of Nevada,  USA, with its executive officers and address for
          service  at  3020  Old  Ranch   Parkway,   Suite  300,   Seal   Beach,
          California,90740 (the "Company")

AND:

          GREGORY  ROTELLI.,  a  business  person  with an address  for  service
          located  at  3020  Old  Ranch   Parkway,   Suite  300,   Seal   Beach,
          California,90740.

          (the "CONTRACTOR")

A. The Company  has  retained  the  Contractor  to provide the Company  with the
services of President  and Chief  Executive  Officer in regards to the Company's
management and operations; and

B. The Contractor has agreed to provide the Services to the Company on the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

     NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT  WITNESSES that in consideration of the mutual
covenants  and  promises  set  forth  herein,  and for other  good and  valuable
consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged by
each, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                     APPOINTMENT AND AUTHORITY OF CONTRACTOR

1.1  Appointment  of Contractor.  The Company hereby  appoints the Contractor to
perform the  Services for the benefit of the Company as  hereinafter  set forth,
and the Company  hereby  authorizes  the  Contractor  to exercise such powers as
provided under this Agreement.  The Contractor  accepts such  appointment on the
terms and conditions herein set forth.

1.2 Performance of Services. The Services hereunder have been and shall continue
to be provided on the basis of the following terms and conditions:

     (a)  the Services  shall include those services  customarily  provided by a
          President and Chief Executive Officer of public  companies,  including
          such other management advisory services as may be reasonably requested
          by the Company from time to time.
<PAGE>
                                       2


     (b)  the Contractor  shall report directly to the Board of Directors of the
          Company;

     (c)  the Contractor  shall  faithfully,  honestly and diligently  serve the
          Company  and   cooperate   with  the   Company  and  utilize   maximum
          professional  skill  and care to  ensure  that all  services  rendered
          hereunder,  including the  Services,  are to the  satisfaction  of the
          Company, acting reasonably, and the Contractor shall provide any other
          services not specifically mentioned herein, but which by reason of the
          Contractor's  capability the  Contractor  knows or ought to know to be
          necessary  to  ensure  that  the best  interests  of the  Company  are
          maintained; and

     (d)  the  Company  shall  report  the  results of the  Contractor's  duties
          hereunder as may be requested by the Company from time to time.

1.3 Independent Contractor.  In performing the Services, the Contractor shall be
an independent  contractor  and not an employee or agent of the Company,  except
that the Contractor  shall be the agent of the Company  solely in  circumstances
where the Contractor must be the agent to carry out its obligations as set forth
in this  Agreement.  Nothing in this  Agreement  shall be deemed to require  the
Contractor to provide the Services exclusively to the Company and the Contractor
hereby  acknowledges  that the Company is not required and shall not be required
to make any  remittances  and  payments  required of employers by statute on the
Contractor's  behalf  and  the  Contractor  or any of its  agents  shall  not be
entitled to the fringe benefits provided by the Company to its employees.

                                   ARTICLE II
                             CONTRACTOR'S AGREEMENTS

2.1 Expense  Statements.  The Contractor may incur reasonable bona fide expenses
in the name of the Company  provided  that such  expenses  relate  solely to the
carrying out of the Services and are in accordance  with the Company's  policies
which  may be in effect  from  time to time.  The  Contractor  will  immediately
forward all invoices  for expenses  incurred on behalf of and in the name of the
Company and the Company agrees to pay said invoices directly on a timely basis.

2.2 Regulatory  Compliance.  The Contractor agrees to comply with all applicable
securities  legislation  and  regulatory  policies in relation to providing  the
Services,  including  but not  limited  to  United  States  securities  laws (in
particular,  Regulation FD) and the policies of the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission.

2.3 Prohibition Against Insider Trading. The Contractor hereby acknowledges that
the  Contractor is aware,  and further  agrees that the  Contractor  will advise
those of its  directors,  officers,  employees and agents who may have access to
Confidential Information, that United States securities laws prohibit any person
who has  material,  non-public  information  about a company from  purchasing or
selling  securities of such a company or from  communicating such information to
any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably  foreseeable that
such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities.
<PAGE>
                                       3


                                   ARTICLE III
                              COMPANY'S AGREEMENTS

3.1 Basic Compensation.  In consideration of the Services,  the Contractor shall
receive compensation for the Services as follows:

     (a)  Upon  completion  of each month  during the Term,  US$7,500 per month,
          payable on the last business day of every month.

Said  compensation  will, at the discretion of the  Contractor,  be paid in cash
and/or common shares  ("Compensation  Shares") of the Company. The number of any
Compensation  Shares issued to the Contractor shall be based on average weighted
average  trading  price of the  Company's  common shares in the five (5) trading
days  immediately  preceding the  applicable  dates upon which the  Compensation
Shares become due. All  compensation  payable  hereunder  shall be pro-rated for
partial months.

3.2 Performance Based Compensation.  The Contractor shall be entitled to receive
such  additional  compensation  awards  at the  discretion  of the  Board or, as
applicable,  the compensation committee, which awards shall be awarded from time
to time for achieving milestones to be agreed upon.

3.3 Benefits and Expenses.

     (a)  The Company shall  provide (or shall  provide an allowance  for) basic
          health  insurance  coverage for Contractor which coverage shall remain
          effective during the Term of this Agreement or any successor agreement
          to this Agreement.

     (b)  During the Term of this Agreement, the Contractor shall be eligible to
          participate in any employee benefit plan for employees resident in the
          United States which the Company may maintain from time to time.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                        DURATION, TERMINATION AND DEFAULT

4.1 Effective  Date.  This Agreement  shall become  effective as of SEPTEMBER 1,
2013  (the  "Effective  Date"),  and  shall  continue  for a period of 24 months
thereafter  (the "Term") or until  earlier  terminated  pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement.  The Term shall  automatically renew for an additional period of
24 months unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

4.2  Termination  by  Company.  Without  prejudicing  any other  rights that the
Company may have  hereunder  or at law or in equity,  the Company may  terminate
this Agreement immediately upon delivery of written notice to the Contractor if:

     (a)  the Contractor breaches section 2 of this Agreement;

     (b)  the Contractor  breaches any other material term of this Agreement and
          such breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company
          within thirty (30) days after written notice  describing the breach in
          reasonable detail is delivered to the Contractor;
<PAGE>
                                       4


     (c)  the Company  acting  reasonably  determines  that the  Contractor  has
          acted,  is acting or is likely to act in a manner  detrimental  to the
          Company or has violated or is likely to violate the confidentiality of
          any information as provided for in this Agreement;

     (d)  the  Contractor  is unable or unwilling to perform the Services  under
          this Agreement, or

     (e)  the  Contractor  commits fraud,  serious  neglect or misconduct in the
          discharge of the Services.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,  the Company may terminate this Agreement without
cause by providing not less than 30 days written notice to the Contractor.

4.3 Termination by Contractor.  . Without  prejudicing any other rights that the
Contractor may have hereunder or at law or in equity,  the Company may terminate
this Agreement  immediately upon delivery of written notice to the Contractor if
the Company  breaches  Section 3 of this  Agreement  and such  breach  continues
uncured for a period of 30 days following  delivery to Company of written notice
of said breach. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Contractor may terminate this
Agreement without cause by providing not less than 30 days written notice to the
Company. .

4.4 Duties Upon Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason,
the Contractor  shall upon receipt of all sums due and owing,  promptly  deliver
the following in accordance with the directions of the Company:

     (a)  a final  accounting,  reflecting  the balance of expenses  incurred on
          behalf of the Company as of the date of termination; and

     (b)  all documents  pertaining to the Company or this Agreement,  including
          but  not  limited  to,  all  books  of  account,   correspondence  and
          contracts,  provided that the Contractor shall be entitled  thereafter
          to inspect, examine and copy all of the documents which it delivers in
          accordance with this provision at all reasonable  times upon three (3)
          days' notice to the Company.

4.5 Compensation of Contractor on Termination.

     (a)  Upon  termination  of this  Agreement  by the Company  for cause,  the
          Contractor  shall  be  entitled  to  receive  as  its  full  and  sole
          compensation  in  discharge  of  obligations  of  the  Company  to the
          Contractor  under this  Agreement  all sums due and payable under this
          Agreement to the date of termination and the Contractor  shall have no
          right to receive any further  payments;  provided,  however,  that the
          Company  shall have the right to offset  against any payment  owing to
          the Contractor under this Agreement any damages, liabilities, costs or
          expenses suffered by the Company by reason of the fraud, negligence or
          willful act of the  Contractor,  to the extent such right has not been
          waived by the Company.

     (b)  Upon  termination of this  Agreement by the Company  without cause the
          Contractor shall be entitled to a severance payment  equivalent to six
          (6) months of the cash  compensation fee specified in section 3.1. Any
          unexercised  options or warrants  unvested at the time of  termination
<PAGE>
                                       5


          shall be cancelled and returned to treasury  provided that  Consultant
          shall have twelve (12) months from the date of termination to exercise
          any vested options or warrants.

     (c)  Upon  termination of this Agreement by the Contractor,  any options or
          warrants  unvested at the time of  termination  shall be cancelled and
          returned to treasury  provided that Contractor  shall have ninety (90)
          days from the date of  termination  to exercise any vested  options or
          warrants.

                                    ARTICLE V
                       CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-COMPETITION

5.1 Maintenance of Confidential Information. The Contractor acknowledges that in
the course of its appointment  hereunder the Contractor will, either directly or
indirectly,  have access to and be entrusted  with  information  (whether  oral,
written or by inspection) relating to the Company or its respective  affiliates,
associates or customers (the  "Confidential  Information").  For the purposes of
this Agreement, "Confidential Information" includes, without limitation, any and
all Developments (as defined herein),  trade secrets,  inventions,  innovations,
techniques,   processes,   formulas,   drawings,   designs,  products,  systems,
creations, improvements, documentation, data, specifications, technical reports,
customer lists,  supplier lists,  distributor lists,  distribution  channels and
methods,  retailer  lists,  reseller  lists,  employee  information,   financial
information,  sales or marketing  plans,  competitive  analysis  reports and any
other thing or information whatsoever,  whether copyrightable or uncopyrightable
or patentable or unpatentable. The Contractor acknowledges that the Confidential
Information  constitutes a proprietary  right,  which the Company is entitled to
protect.  Accordingly  the Contractor  covenants and agrees that during the Term
and  thereafter  until  such time as all the  Confidential  Information  becomes
publicly known and made generally available through no action or inaction of the
Contractor,  the  Contractor  will keep in strict  confidence  the  Confidential
Information and shall not,  without prior written consent of the Company in each
instance,  disclose, use or otherwise disseminate the Confidential  Information,
directly or indirectly, to any third party.

5.2  Exceptions.  The general  prohibition  contained in Section 5.1 against the
unauthorized  disclosure,  use or dissemination of the Confidential  Information
shall not apply in respect of any Confidential Information that:

     (c)  is available to the public generally in the form disclosed;

     (d)  becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the Contractor;

     (e)  is already in the lawful  possession of the  Contractor at the time of
          receipt of the Confidential Information; or

     (f)  is compelled by  applicable  law to be  disclosed,  provided  that the
          Contractor gives the Company prompt written notice of such requirement
          prior to such disclosure and provides assistance in obtaining an order
          protecting the Confidential Information from public disclosure.

5.3  Developments.  Any  information,  data,  work product or any other thing or
documentation   whatsoever  which  the  Contractor,   either  by  itself  or  in
conjunction  with any third  party,  conceives,  makes,  develops,  acquires  or
acquires  knowledge of during the  Contractor's  appointment with the Company or
which the Contractor,  either by itself or in conjunction  with any third party,
shall conceive, make, develop, acquire or acquire knowledge of (collectively the
"Developments")  during  the Term or at any time  thereafter  during  which  the
Contractor  is engaged by the Company  that is related to the  business of Oil &
<PAGE>
                                       6


gas property  acquisition and exploration shall  automatically  form part of the
Confidential  Information  and shall  become and  remain the sole and  exclusive
property of the Company.  Accordingly,  the Contractor does hereby  irrevocably,
exclusively  and  absolutely  assign,  transfer  and  convey to the  Company  in
perpetuity  all  worldwide  right,  title  and  interest  in and to any  and all
Developments  and other rights of whatsoever  nature and kind in or arising from
or pertaining  to all such  Developments  created or produced by the  Contractor
during the course of performing this Agreement,  including,  without limitation,
the right to effect  any  registration  in the world to  protect  the  foregoing
rights. The Company shall have the sole, absolute and unlimited right throughout
the  world,  therefore,  to  protect  the  Developments  by  patent,  copyright,
industrial  design,  trademark  or  otherwise  and  to  make,  have  made,  use,
reconstruct,  repair,  modify,  reproduce,  publish,  distribute  and  sell  the
Developments,  in whole or in part, or combine the  Developments  with any other
matter, or not use the Developments at all, as the Company sees fit.

5.4  Protection of  Developments.  The Contractor  does hereby agree that,  both
before and after the termination of this Agreement, the Contractor shall perform
such further acts and execute and deliver  such further  instruments,  writings,
documents and assurances  (including,  without limitation,  specific assignments
and other  documentation which may be required anywhere in the world to register
evidence of ownership  of the rights  assigned  pursuant  hereto) as the Company
shall  reasonably  require in order to give full  effect to the true  intent and
purpose of the assignment made under Section 0 hereof. If the Company is for any
reason unable, after reasonable effort, to secure execution by the Contractor on
documents  needed to effect any  registration  or to apply for or prosecute  any
right  or  protection  relating  to  the  Developments,  the  Contractor  hereby
designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized  officers and agents
as the Contractor's agent and attorney to act for and in the Contractor's behalf
and  stead to  execute  and file any such  document  and do all  other  lawfully
permitted  acts  necessary  or advisable in the opinion of the Company to effect
such  registration  or to apply for or prosecute such right or protection,  with
the same legal force and effect as if executed by the Contractor.

5.5  Remedies.  The parties to this  Agreement  recognize  that any violation or
threatened  violation by the  Contractor of any of the  provisions  contained in
this 0 will result in immediate and  irreparable  damage to the Company and that
the Company  could not  adequately  be  compensated  for such damage by monetary
award alone.  Accordingly,  the Contractor  agrees that in the event of any such
violation or threatened  violation,  the Company shall, in addition to any other
remedies  available to the Company at law or in equity,  be entitled as a matter
of right to apply to such  relief  by way of  restraining  order,  temporary  or
permanent  injunction  and to  such  other  relief  as any  court  of  competent
jurisdiction may deem just and proper.

5.6 Reasonable Restrictions. The Contractor agrees that all restrictions in this
0 are reasonable and valid, and all defenses to the strict  enforcement  thereof
by the Company are hereby waived by the Contractor.

                                    ARTICLE V
                              DEVOTION TO CONTRACT

6.1  Devotion to Contract.  During the term of this  Agreement,  the  Contractor
shall  devote  sufficient  time,  attention,  and ability to the business of the
Company,  and to any  associated  company,  as is  reasonably  necessary for the
proper performance of the Services pursuant to this Agreement. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to require the  Contractor to devote its exclusive  time,
attention  and ability to the business of the  Company.  During the term of this
Agreement,  the Contractor shall, and shall cause each of its agents assigned to
performance of the Services on behalf of the Contractor, to:
<PAGE>
                                       7


     (a)  at all times perform the Services faithfully,  diligently, to the best
          of its abilities and in the best interests of the Company;

     (b)  devote such of its time,  labour and  attention to the business of the
          Company as is  necessary  for the proper  performance  of the Services
          hereunder; and

     (c)  refrain  from acting in any manner  contrary to the best  interests of
          the  Company  or  contrary  to  the  duties  of  the   Contractor   as
          contemplated herein.

6.2 Other  Activities.  The  Contractor  shall not be precluded from acting in a
function similar to that contemplated under this Agreement for any other person,
firm or company.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 Notices.  All notices  required or allowed to be given under this  Agreement
shall be made either  personally by delivery to or by facsimile  transmission to
the  address  provided  on the first  page of this  Agreement,  or to such other
address as may be designated from time to time by such party in writing.

6.2 Independent Legal Advice. The Contractor acknowledges that:

     (a)  the Contractor has been requested to obtain his own independent  legal
          advice on this Agreement prior to signing this Agreement;

     (b)  the  Contractor  has been given  adequate  time to obtain  independent
          legal advice;

     (c)  by signing  this  Agreement,  the  Contractor  confirms  that he fully
          understands this Agreement; and

     (d)  by signing this Agreement  without first obtaining  independent  legal
          advice,  the Contractor  waives his right to obtain  independent legal
          advice.

6.3 Change of Address.  Any party may, from time to time, change its address for
service hereunder by written notice to the other party in the manner aforesaid.

6.4  Entire  Agreement.  As of from  the  date  hereof,  any  and  all  previous
agreements,  written  or oral  between  the  parties  hereto or on their  behalf
relating to the  appointment of the Contractor by the Company are null and void.
The  parties  hereto  agree  that  they  have  expressed   herein  their  entire
understanding and agreement  concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and
it is expressly agreed that no implied covenant,  condition, term or reservation
or prior  representation or warranty shall be read into this Agreement  relating
to or concerning the subject  matter hereof or any matter or operation  provided
for herein.

6.5 Further  Assurances.  Each party  hereto will  promptly and duly execute and
deliver to the other party such further  documents and  assurances and take such
further action as such other party may from time to time  reasonably  request in
order to more effectively carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement and
to  establish  and  protect  the rights and  remedies  created or intended to be
created hereby.
<PAGE>
                                       8


6.6 Waiver.  No provision  hereof shall be deemed waived and no breach  excused,
unless such waiver or consent  excusing the breach is made in writing and signed
by the party to be charged  with such waiver or consent.  A waiver by a party of
any provision of this Agreement  shall not be construed as a waiver of a further
breach of the same provision.

6.7  Amendments  in Writing.  No amendment,  modification  or rescission of this
Agreement  shall be  effective  unless  set forth in  writing  and signed by the
parties hereto.

6.8 Assignment.  Except as herein expressly provided,  the respective rights and
obligations of the Contractor and the Company under this Agreement  shall not be
assignable  by either party  without the written  consent of the other party and
shall, subject to the foregoing, enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Contractor and the Company and their  permitted  successors or assigns.  Nothing
herein  expressed  or implied is intended to confer on any person other than the
parties hereto any rights,  remedies,  obligations  or  liabilities  under or by
reason of this Agreement.

6.9  Severability.  In the event that any provision  contained in this Agreement
shall be declared  invalid,  illegal or unenforceable by a court or other lawful
authority  of  competent  jurisdiction,  such  provision  shall be deemed not to
affect or impair the validity or  enforceability  of any other provision of this
Agreement, which shall continue to have full force and effect.

6.10 Headings.  The headings in this  Agreement are inserted for  convenience of
reference only and shall not affect the construction or  interpretation  of this
Agreement.

6.11 Number and Gender.  Wherever the singular or masculine or neuter is used in
this Agreement, the same shall be construed as meaning the plural or feminine or
a body politic or corporate and vice versa where the context so requires.

6.12 Time. Time shall be of the essence of this Agreement. In the event that any
day on or before  which any action is  required to be taken  hereunder  is not a
business  day,  then such action  shall be required to be taken at or before the
requisite  time on the next  succeeding  day  that is a  business  day.  For the
purposes of this Agreement,  "business day" means a day which is not Saturday or
Sunday or a statutory holiday in the State of California, U.S.A.

6.13  Enurement.  This Agreement is intended to bind and enure to the benefit of
the Company,  its  successors  and assigns,  and the Contractor and the personal
legal representatives of the Contractor.

6.14 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each
of  which  will be  deemed  to be an  original  and all of which  will  together
constitute one and the same instrument.

6.15 Currency. Unless otherwise provided, all dollar amounts referred to in this
Agreement are in lawful money of the United States of America.

6.16  Electronic  Means.  Delivery  of an  executed  copy of this  Agreement  by
electronic  facsimile  transmission  or other means of electronic  communication
capable of producing a printed copy will be deemed to be execution  and delivery
of this Agreement as of the effective date of this Agreement.
<PAGE>
                                       9


6.17 Proper Law. This  Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
with  the  law  of the  State  of  Nevada.  The  parties  hereby  attorn  to the
jurisdiction of the Courts in the State of Nevada.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the
day and year first above written.

INDEPENDENCE  ENERGY CORP.


Per: /s/Gregory Rotelli
    -----------------------------------
Name: Gregory Rotelli
Position: Chief Executive Officer

Date: September 5, 2013


/s/ Gregory Rotelli
---------------------------------------
GREGORY ROTELLI

Date: September 5, 2013
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
