
EX-10.1
2
v191646_ex10-1.htm


  
    Unassociated Document
    
    
    
    
    
    Exhibit
10.1
    Gran
Tierra Energy Inc.
     
    2007
Equity Incentive Plan
     
    Adopted:
August 9, 2007
    Approved
By Stockholders:  October 10, 2007
    Amended
by the Board: December 20, 2007
    Amended
by the Board: January 14, 2008
    Amended
by the Board: October 9, 2008
    Approved
by the Stockholders: November 14, 2008
    Amended
by the Board: April 26, 2010
    Approved
by the Stockholders: June 16, 2010
     
    
    
      
          
            
              1. 
            
            
              General
      Purposes.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Amendment and
Restatement.  The Plan is intended as a complete amendment and
restatement of the Company’s 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Prior
Plan”).  All outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior
Plan shall remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan.  All Stock
Awards granted subsequent to the effective date of this Plan shall be subject to
the terms of this Plan.
     
    (b)           Eligible Stock Award
Recipients.  The persons eligible to receive Stock Awards are
Employees, Directors and Consultants.
     
    (c)           Available Stock
Awards.  The purpose of the Plan is to provide a means by which
eligible recipients of Stock Awards may be given an opportunity to benefit from
increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of the following
Stock Awards: (i) Options, (ii) Restricted Stock Awards, (iii) Stock
Appreciation Rights, (iv) Restricted Stock Units and (v) Other Stock
Awards.
     
    (d)           General
Purpose.  The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain
the services of the group of persons eligible to receive Stock Awards, to secure
and retain the services of new members of this group and to provide incentives
for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its
Affiliates.
     
    
      
          
            
              2. 
            
            
              Definitions.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           “Affiliate”
means any “parent corporation” or “subsidiary corporation” of the Company,
whether now or hereafter existing, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e)
and (f), respectively, of the Code.  The Board shall have the
authority to determine the time or times at which “parent corporation” or
“subsidiary corporation” status is determined within the foregoing
definition.
     
    (b)           “Board”
means the Board of Directors of the Company.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        1.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (c)           “Capitalization
Adjustment” has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section
11(a).
     
    (d)            “Change in
Control” means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of
related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:
     
    (i)           any
Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of
the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting
power of the Company’s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a
merger, consolidation or similar transaction.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur (A) on account of
the acquisition of securities of the Company by an institutional investor, any
affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company’s
securities in a transaction or series of related transactions that are primarily
a private financing transaction for the Company or (B) solely because the level
of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the “Subject
Person”) exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding
voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting
securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided
that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence)
as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after
such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional
voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not
occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities
Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a
Change in Control shall be deemed to occur;
     
    (ii)           there
is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving
(directly or indirectly) the Company if, immediately after the consummation of
such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the
Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A)
outstanding voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the
combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger,
consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than fifty percent (50%) of the
combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such
merger, consolidation or similar transaction;
     
    (iii)           there
is consummated a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries
to an Entity, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the
voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportion as their Ownership of the Company immediately
prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; or
     
    (iv)           individuals
who, on the date this Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board
(the “Incumbent
Board”) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the
members of the Board; provided, however, that if
the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member
was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent
Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be
considered as a member of the Incumbent Board).
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        2.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    The term
Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other
transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the
Company.
     
    Notwithstanding
the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, the definition of Change in
Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the
Company or any Affiliate and the Participant shall supersede the foregoing
definition with respect to Stock Awards subject to such agreement (it being
understood, however, that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous
term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing
definition shall apply).
     
    (e)           “Code”
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
     
    (f)           “Committee”
means a committee of one or more members of the Board appointed by the Board in
accordance with Section 3(d).
     
    (g)           “Common
Stock” means the common stock of the Company.
     
    (h)           “Company”
means Gran Tierra Energy Inc., a Nevada corporation.
     
    (i)           “Consultant”
means any person, including an advisor, (i) engaged by the Company or an
Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and who is compensated for
such services or (ii) serving as a member of the Board of Directors of an
Affiliate and who is compensated for such services.  However, the term
“Consultant” shall not include Directors who are not compensated by the Company
for their services as Directors, and the payment of a director’s fee by the
Company for services as a Director shall not cause a Director to be considered a
“Consultant” for purposes of the Plan.
     
    (j)           “Continuous
Service” means that the Participant’s service with the Company or an
Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or
terminated.  A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders
service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or
a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided
that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant’s service with
the Company or an Affiliate, shall not terminate a Participant’s Continuous
Service; provided, however,
if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to
qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such
Participant’s Continuous Service shall be considered to have terminated on the
date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate.  For example, a
change in status from an employee of the Company to a consultant to an Affiliate
or to a Director shall not constitute an interruption of Continuous
Service.  To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief
executive officer of the Company, in that party’s sole discretion, may determine
whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any
leave of absence approved by that party, including sick leave, military leave or
any other personal leave.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of
absence shall be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in a
Stock Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company’s leave of
absence policy or in the written terms of the Participant’s leave of
absence.
     
    (k)           “Corporate
Transaction” means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series
of related transactions, of any one or more of the following
events:
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        3.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (i)           the
consummation of a sale or other disposition of
all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its discretion, of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
     
    (ii)           the
consummation of a sale or other disposition of at least fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding securities of the Company;
     
    (iii)           the
consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which
the Company is not the surviving corporation; or
     
    (iv)           the
consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which
the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar
transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or
similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash
or otherwise.
     
    (l)           “Covered
Employee” shall have the meaning provided in Section 162(m)(3) of the
Code.
     
    (m)           “Director”
means a member of the Board.
     
    (n)           “Disability”
means the permanent and total disability of a person within the meaning of
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.
     
    (o)           “Disinterested
Stockholders” means all of the stockholders of the Company except
Insiders of the Company who are eligible to receive Stock Awards, and such
Insiders’ associates.
     
    (p)           “Employee”
means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate.  Service as
a Director or payment of a director’s fee by the Company for such service or for
service as a member of the Board of Directors of an Affiliate shall not be
sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Company or an
Affiliate.
     
    (q)           “Entity”
means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other
entity.
     
    (r)           “Exchange
Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
     
    (s)           “Exchange Act
Person” means any natural person, Entity or “group” (within the meaning
of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that “Exchange Act
Person” shall not include (A) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (B)
any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (C) an underwriter temporarily
holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (D) an Entity
Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the
Company.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        4.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (t)           “Fair Market
Value” means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as
follows:
     
    (i)           If
the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market,
the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock, unless otherwise determined by
the Board, shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid,
if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange
or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the day of
determination (or if such day of determination does not fall on a market trading
day, then the last market trading day prior to the day of determination), as
reported in a source the Board deems reliable.
     
    (ii)           In
the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be
determined in good faith by the Board and in a manner that complies with
Sections 409A and 422 of the Code.
     
    (u)           “Insider”
means an “insider” as defined under the policies of the Toronto Stock Exchange,
as amended from time to time, which includes, among others, Directors and TSX
Officers of the Company.
     
    (v)           “Non-Employee
Director” means a Director who
either (i) is not currently an employee or officer of the Company or its parent
or a subsidiary, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly,
from the Company or its parent or a subsidiary, for services rendered as a
consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as
to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K
promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (“Regulation
S-K”)), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which
disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not
engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required
pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered
a “non-employee director” for purposes of Rule 16b-3.
     
    (w)           “Officer”
means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of
Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.
     
    (x)           “Option”
means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan that is not intended to
qualify as an “incentive stock option” within the meaning of Section 422 of the
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
     
    (y)           “Option
Agreement” means a written agreement between the Company and an
Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Option
grant.  Each Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan.
     
    (z)           “Optionholder”
means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if
applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option.
     
    (aa)           “Other Stock
Award” means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the
Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section
7(d).
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        5.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (bb)           “Outside
Director” means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee of
the Company or an “affiliated corporation” (within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a former
employee of the Company or an “affiliated corporation” who receives compensation
for prior services (other than benefits under a tax qualified retirement plan)
during the taxable year, has not been an officer of the Company or an
“affiliated corporation,” and does not receive remuneration from the Company or
an “affiliated corporation,” either directly or indirectly, in any capacity
other than as a Director or (ii) is otherwise considered an “outside director”
for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.
     
    (cc)           “Own,” “Owned,”
“Owner,” “Ownership” A person or Entity shall
be deemed to “Own,” to have “Owned,” to be the “Owner” of, or to have acquired
“Ownership” of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly,
through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has
or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the
voting, with respect to such securities.
     
    (dd)           “Participant”
means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if
applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award.
     
    (ee)           “Plan”
means this Gran Tierra Energy Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan.
     
    (ff)           “Restricted Stock
Award” means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant
to the terms and conditions of Section 7(a).
     
    (gg)           “Restricted Stock
Unit” means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted
pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 7(b).
     
    (hh)           “Rule
16b-3” means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any
successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.
     
    (ii)           “Securities
Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
     
    (jj)           “Stock
Appreciation Right” means a right to receive the appreciation on Common
Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section
7(c).
     
    (kk)           “Stock
Award” means any right granted under the Plan, including an Option,
Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit, Stock Appreciation Right and
Other Stock Award.
     
    (ll)           “Stock Award
Agreement” means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of
a Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Stock Award
grant.  Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan.
     
    (mm)           Subsidiary”
means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than fifty
percent (50%) of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to
elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of
whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation
shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any
contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and
(ii) any partnership in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest
(whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital
contribution) of more than fifty percent (50%).
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        6.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (nn)           “TSX Officer”
means a senior officer of the Company or any subsidiary and includes an issuer,
all of the voting securities of which are owned by a TSX Officer.
     
    
      
          
            
              3. 
            
            
              Administration.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Administration by
Board.  The Board shall administer the Plan unless and until
the Board delegates administration to a Committee, as provided in Section
3(d).
     
    (b)           Powers of
Board.  The Board shall have the power, subject to, and within
the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:
     
    (i)           To
determine from time to time which of the persons eligible under the Plan shall
be granted Stock Awards; when and how each Stock Award shall be granted; what
type or combination of types of Stock Award shall be granted; the provisions of
each Stock Award granted (which need not be identical), including the time or
times when a person shall be permitted to receive Common Stock pursuant to a
Stock Award; and the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which a
Stock Award shall be granted to each such person.
     
    (ii)           To
construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it, and to
establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its
administration.  The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct
any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award
Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to
make the Plan or Stock Award fully effective.
     
    (iii)           To
settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Stock Awards granted under
it.
     
    (iv)           To
amend the Plan or a Stock Award as provided in Section 12.
     
    (v)           To
terminate or suspend the Plan as provided in Section 13.
     
    (vi)           Generally,
to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or
expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in
conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Stock Awards.
     
    (vii)           To
adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit
participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are located
in various local jurisdictions.
     
    (c)           Cancellation and Re-Grant of Stock
Awards.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision
of this Plan, neither the Board nor any Committee shall have the authority to:
(i) reduce the exercise price of any outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation
Rights under the Plan, or (ii) cancel any outstanding Options or Stock
Appreciation Rights that have an exercise price or strike price greater than the
current Fair Market Value of the Common Stock in exchange for cash or other
Stock Awards under the Plan, unless the stockholders of the Company have
approved such an action within twelve (12) months prior to such an
event.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        7.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (d)           Delegation
to Committee.
     
    (i)           General.  The Board
may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees of one or
more members of the Board, and the term “Committee” shall apply to any person or
persons to whom such authority has been delegated.  If administration
is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have, in connection with the
administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board,
including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative
powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to
the Board shall thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject,
however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan,
as may be adopted from time to time by the Board.  The Board may
abolish the Committee at any time and revest in the Board the administration of
the Plan.
     
    (ii)           Section 162(m) and Rule 16b-3
Compliance.  In the discretion of the Board, the Committee may
consist solely of two or more Outside Directors, in accordance with Section
162(m) of the Code, and/or solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in
accordance with Rule 16b-3.  In addition, the Board or the Committee
may delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board the authority to
grant Stock Awards to eligible persons who are either (a) not then Covered
Employees and are not expected to be Covered Employees at the time of
recognition of income resulting from such Stock Award, (b) not persons with
respect to whom the Company wishes to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, or
(c) not then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
     
    (e)           Effect of Board’s Decision.
All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good
faith shall not be subject to review by any person and shall be final, binding
and conclusive on all persons.
     
    
      
          
            
              4. 
            
            
              Shares
      Subject to the Plan.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Share Reserve. Subject to the
provisions of Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Common
Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards shall not exceed, in the
aggregate, 23,306,100 shares of Common Stock.
     
    (b)           Reversion of Shares to the Share
Reserve.  If any Stock Award shall for any reason expire or
otherwise terminate, in whole or in part, without having been exercised in full,
the shares of Common Stock not acquired under such Stock Award shall revert to
and again become available for issuance under the Plan.
     
    (c)           Source of
Shares.  The shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan may be
unissued shares or reacquired shares, bought on the market or
otherwise.
     
    
      
          
            
              5. 
            
            
              Eligibility.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Eligibility for Specific Stock
Awards.  Stock Awards may be granted to Employees, Directors
and Consultants.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        8.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (b)           Section 162(m) Limitation on Annual
Grants. Subject to the provisions of Section 11(a) relating to
Capitalization Adjustments, no Employee shall be eligible to be granted Options
covering more than one million (1,000,000) shares of Common Stock during any
calendar year.
     
    (c)           Consultants.  A
Consultant shall not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award if, at the time
of grant, a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act (“Form S-8”)
is not available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company’s
securities to such Consultant because of the nature of the services that the
Consultant is providing to the Company, because the Consultant is not a natural
person, or because of any other rule governing the use of Form S-8.
     
    
      
          
            
              6. 
            
            
              Option
      Provisions.
            
          
      
    
     
    Each
Option shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the
Board shall deem appropriate. The provisions of each Option shall include
(through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Option or
otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:
     
    (a)           Term.  No Option shall be
exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date on which it was
granted.
     
    (b)           Exercise Price of a Stock
Option.  The exercise price of each Option shall be not less
than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock
subject to the Option on the date the Option is
granted.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may be granted with
an exercise price lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such
Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option
in a manner satisfying the provisions of Sections 409A and 424(a) of the Code;
provided, however,
that if the Common Stock is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, the
granting of the Option is approved by the Toronto Stock Exchange to the extent
necessary to satisfy the rules of the Toronto Stock Exchange.
     
    (c)           Consideration.  The
purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to an Option shall be paid, to
the extent permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either (i) in cash
at the time the Option is exercised or (ii) at the discretion of the Board at
the time of or subsequently to the grant of the Option (1) by delivery to the
Company of other Common Stock (whether by actual delivery or attestation), (2)
by a “net exercise” of the Option (as further described below), (3) pursuant to
a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve
Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt
of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instruction to
pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds or (4)
in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the
Board.
     
    In the case of a “net exercise” of an
Option, the Company will not require a payment of the exercise price of the
Option from the Optionholder but will reduce the number of shares of Common
Stock issued upon the exercise by the largest number of whole shares that has a
Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise
price.  With respect to any remaining balance of the aggregate
exercise price, the Company shall accept a cash payment from the
Optionholder.  The shares of Common Stock so used to pay the exercise
price of an Option under a “net exercise,” the shares actually delivered to the
Optionholder, and any shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations
will be considered to have resulted from the exercise of the Option, and
accordingly, the Option will not again be exercisable with respect to such
shares.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        9.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (d)           Transferability of an
Option.  An Option shall be transferable to the extent provided
in the Option Agreement.  If the Option does not provide for
transferability, then the Option shall not be transferable except by will or by
the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant a domestic relations order and
shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionholder only by the
Optionholder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionholder may, by
delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company,
designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the Optionholder,
shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.
     
    (e)           Vesting
Generally.  The total number of shares of Common Stock subject
to an Option may, but need not, vest and therefore become exercisable in
periodic installments that may, but need not, be equal.  The Option
may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it
may be exercised (which may be based on performance or other criteria) as the
Board may deem appropriate.  The vesting provisions of individual
Options may vary.  The provisions of this Section 6(e) are subject to
any Option provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as
to which an Option may be exercised.
     
    (f)           Termination of Continuous
Service.  In the event that an Optionholder’s Continuous
Service terminates (other than upon the Optionholder’s death or Disability), the
Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder
was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination) but only
within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three (3)
months following the termination of the Optionholder’s Continuous Service (or
such longer or shorter period specified in the Option Agreement) or (ii) the
expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Option
Agreement.  If, after termination, the Optionholder does not exercise
his or her Option within the time specified in the Option Agreement, the Option
shall terminate.
     
    (g)           Extension of Termination
Date.  An Optionholder’s Option Agreement may also provide that
if the exercise of the Option following the termination of the Optionholder’s
Continuous Service (other than upon the Optionholder’s death or Disability)
would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common
Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then
the Option shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of
the Option set forth in Section 6(a) or (ii) the expiration of a period of three
(3) months after the termination of the Optionholder’s Continuous Service during
which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration
requirements.
     
    (h)           Disability of
Optionholder.  In the event that an Optionholder’s Continuous
Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder’s Disability, the
Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder
was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination), but only
within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12)
months following such termination (or such longer or shorter period specified in
the Option Agreement or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set
forth in the Option Agreement.  If, after termination, the
Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified
herein, the Option shall terminate.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        10.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (i)           Death of
Optionholder.  In the event that (i) an Optionholder’s
Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder’s death or (ii)
the Optionholder dies within the period (if any) specified in the Option
Agreement after the termination of the Optionholder’s Continuous Service for a
reason other than death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the
Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by
the Optionholder’s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the
Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the
option upon the Optionholder’s death pursuant to Section 6(d), but only within
the period ending on the earlier of (1) the date eighteen (18) months following
the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option
Agreement or (2) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the
Option Agreement.  If, after death, the Option is not exercised within
the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate.
     
    (j)           Early Exercise.  The
Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Optionholder may elect
at any time before the Optionholder’s Continuous Service terminates to exercise
the Option as to any part or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the
Option prior to the full vesting of the Option.  Any unvested shares
of Common Stock so purchased may be subject to a repurchase option in favor of
the Company or to any other restriction the Board determines to be
appropriate.  The Company will not exercise its repurchase option
until at least six (6) months (or such longer or shorter period of time required
to avoid classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting
purposes) have elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the Board
otherwise specifically provides in the Option.
     
    
      
          
            
              7. 
            
            
              Provisions
      of Stock Awards other than
Options.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Restricted Stock
Awards.  Each Restricted Stock Award agreement shall be in such
form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem
appropriate.  To the extent consistent with the Company’s Bylaws, at
the Board’s election, shares of Common Stock may be (x) held in book entry form
subject to the Company’s instructions until any restrictions relating to the
Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (y) evidenced by a certificate, which
certificate shall be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board.
The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award agreements may change from
time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award
agreements need not be identical; provided, however, that each
Restricted Stock Award agreement shall include (through incorporation of the
provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of
each of the following provisions:
     
    (i)           Purchase Price.  At
the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Board will determine the
price to be paid by the Participant for each share subject to the Restricted
Stock Award. To the extent required by applicable law, the price to be paid by
the Participant for each share of the Restricted Stock Award will not be less
than the par value of a share of Common Stock.  A Restricted Stock
Award may be awarded as a stock bonus (i.e., with no cash purchase
price to be paid) to the extent permissible under applicable law.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        11.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (ii)           Consideration.  At
the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Board will determine the
consideration permissible for the payment of the purchase price of the
Restricted Stock Award. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to
the Restricted Stock Award shall be paid in one of the following ways: (i) in
cash at the time of purchase; (ii) by services rendered or to be rendered to the
Company; or (iii) in any other form of legal consideration that may be
acceptable to the Board.
     
    (iii)           Vesting. Shares of Common
Stock acquired under a Restricted Stock Award may, but need not, be subject to a
share repurchase option in favor of the Company in accordance with a vesting
schedule to be determined by the Board.
     
    (iv)           Termination of Participant’s
Continuous Service. In the event that a Participant’s Continuous Service
terminates, the Company may repurchase or otherwise reacquire any or all of the
shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the
date of termination under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award
agreement.  The Company will not exercise its repurchase option until
at least six (6) months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to
avoid classification of the Restricted Stock Award as a liability for financial
accounting purposes) have elapsed following the purchase of the restricted stock
unless otherwise determined by the Board or provided in the Restricted Stock
Award agreement.
     
    (v)           Transferability. Rights to
purchase or receive shares of Common Stock granted under a Restricted Stock
Award shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and
conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award agreement, as the
Board shall determine in its discretion, and so long as Common Stock awarded
under the Restricted Stock Award remains subject to the terms of the Restricted
Stock Award agreement.
     
    (b)           Restricted Stock
Units.  Each Restricted Stock Unit agreement shall be in such
form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall
determine.  The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit
agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of
separate Restricted Stock Unit agreements need not be identical; provided, however, that each
Restricted Stock Unit agreement shall include (through incorporation of the
provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of
each of the following provisions:
     
    (i)           Consideration.  At
the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit award, the Board will determine the
consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share
of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit award. To the extent
required by applicable law, the consideration to be paid by the Participant for
each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit award will not be
less than the par value of a share of Common Stock.  Such
consideration may be paid in any form permitted under applicable
law.
     
    (ii)           Vesting.  At the
time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit award, the Board may impose such
restrictions or conditions to the vesting of the shares Restricted Stock Unit as
it deems appropriate.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        12.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (iii)           Payment.  A
Restricted Stock Unit award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common
Stock, their cash equivalent, or any combination of the two, as the Board deems
appropriate.
     
    (iv)           Additional
Restrictions.  At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock
Unit award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or
conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash
equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit award after the vesting of such
Stock Award.
     
    (v)           Dividend
Equivalents.  Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect
of Restricted Stock Units, as the Board deems appropriate.  Such
dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units by
dividing (1) the aggregate amount or value of the dividends paid with respect to
that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Restricted Stock
Units then credited by (2) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on
the payment date for such dividend. The additional Restricted Stock Units
credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all the terms
and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit award to which they
relate.
     
    (vi)           Termination of Participant’s
Continuous Service.  Except as otherwise provided in the
applicable Stock Award Agreement, Restricted Stock Units that have not vested
will be forfeited upon the Participant’s termination of Continuous Service for
any reason.
     
    (c)           Stock Appreciation
Rights.  Each Stock Appreciation Right agreement shall be in
such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem
appropriate.  The terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Right
agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of
separate Stock Appreciation Rights agreements need not be identical, but each
Stock Appreciation Right agreement shall include (through incorporation of the
provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of
each of the following provisions:
     
    (i)           Calculation of
Appreciation.  Each Stock Appreciation Right will be
denominated in share of Common Stock equivalents.  The appreciation
distribution payable on the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right will be not
greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market
Value (on the date of the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right) of a number
of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of share of Common Stock
equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such Stock Appreciation
Right and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the Stock
Appreciation Right on such date, over (B) an amount that will be determined by
the Committee at the time of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right.
     
    (ii)           Vesting.  At the
time of the grant of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Board may impose such
restrictions or conditions to the vesting of such Right as it deems
appropriate.
     
    (iii)           Exercise.  To
exercise any outstanding Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant must provide
written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of
the Stock Appreciation Rights agreement evidencing such Right.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        13.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (iv)           Payment. The appreciation
distribution in respect of a Stock Appreciation Right may be paid in Common
Stock, in cash, or any combination of the two, as the Board deems
appropriate.
     
    (v)           Termination of Continuous
Service.  If a Participant’s Continuous Service terminates for
any reason, any unvested Stock Appreciation Rights shall be forfeited and any
vested Stock Appreciation Rights shall be automatically redeemed.
     
    (d)           Other Stock
Awards.  Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part
by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock may be granted either alone
or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 6 and the preceding
provisions of this Section 7.  Subject to the provisions of the Plan,
the Board shall have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to
whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the
number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted
pursuant to such Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Stock
Awards.
     
    
      
          
            
              8. 
            
            
              Covenants
      of the Company.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Availability of
Shares.  During the terms of the Stock Awards, the Company
shall keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock required
to satisfy such Stock Awards.
     
    (b)           Securities Law
Compliance.  The Company shall seek to obtain from each
regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority
as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this
undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act
the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any
such Stock Award.  If, after reasonable efforts, the Company is unable
to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority which
counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of
Common Stock under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any liability
for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards
unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant shall not be eligible
for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of Common Stock
pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of
any applicable securities law.
     
    (c)           No Obligation to
Notify.  The Company shall have no duty or obligation to any
Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such
Stock Award.  Furthermore, the Company shall have no duty or
obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or
expiration of a Stock Award or a possible period in which the Stock Award may
not be exercised.  The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize
the tax consequences of a Stock Award to the holder of such Stock
Award.
     
    
      
          
            
              9. 
            
            
              Use
      of Proceeds from Stock.
            
          
      
    
     
    Proceeds
from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards shall constitute general
funds of the Company.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        14.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    
      
          
            
              10. 
            
            
              Miscellaneous.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Acceleration of Exercisability and
Vesting.  The Board shall have the power to accelerate the time
at which a Stock Award may first be exercised or the time during which a Stock
Award or any part thereof will vest in accordance with the Plan, notwithstanding
the provisions in the Stock Award stating the time at which it may first be
exercised or the time during which it will vest.
     
    (b)           Corporate Action Constituting Grant
of Stock Awards.  Corporate action constituting a grant by the
Company of a Stock Award to any Participant shall be deemed completed as of the
date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board,
regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Stock
Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the
Participant.
     
    (c)           Stockholder
Rights.  Subject to the further limitations of Section 7(b)(iv)
hereof, no Participant shall be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of
the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to
such Stock Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all
requirements for exercise of the Stock Award pursuant to its terms, if
applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Stock
Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company.
     
    (d)           No Employment or other Service
Rights.  Nothing in the Plan, and Stock Award Agreement or any
other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Stock Award
granted pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue
to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the
Stock Award was granted or shall affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate
to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with
or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such
Consultant’s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate or (iii) the service of
a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any
applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or
the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be.
     
    (e)           Investment
Assurances.  The Company may require a Participant, as a
condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award, (i) to
give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant’s
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a
purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is
knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or
she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser
representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to
give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant
is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participant’s own
account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing
the Common Stock.  The foregoing requirements, and any assurances
given pursuant to such requirements, shall be inoperative if (1) the issuance of
the shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock
under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, or (2) as to any particular
requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such
requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable
securities laws.  The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the
Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such
counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable
securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer
of the Common Stock.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        15.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (f)           Withholding
Obligations.  Unless prohibited by the terms of a Stock Award
Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any country,
federal, state, provincial or local tax withholding obligation relating to any
Stock Award by any of the following means (in addition to the Company’s right to
withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant by the Company) or by a
combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment;
(ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued
or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Stock Award;
provided, however, that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value
exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such
lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a
liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding payment from any
amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; (iv) withholding cash from a Stock
Award settled in cash; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the
Stock Award Agreement.
     
    (g)           Electronic
Delivery.  Any reference herein to a “written” agreement or
document shall include any agreement or document delivered electronically or
posted on the Company’s intranet.
     
    (h)           Compliance with Section
409A.  To the extent that the Board determines that any Stock
Award granted hereunder is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Stock Award
Agreement evidencing such Stock Award shall incorporate the terms and conditions
necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the
Code.  To the extent applicable, the Plan and Stock Award Agreements
shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, including
without limitation any applicable guidance that may be issued or amended after
the Effective Date.
     
    
      
          
            
              11. 
            
            
              Adjustments
      upon Changes in Stock.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Capitalization
Adjustments.  If any change is made in, or other event occurs
with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock
Award without the receipt of consideration by the Company (through merger,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock
dividend, dividend in property other than cash, stock split, liquidating
dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate
structure or similar transaction (each a “Capitalization
Adjustment”), the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust:
(i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant
to Section 4(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that
may be awarded to any person pursuant to Section 5(b), and (iii) the class(es)
and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding
Stock Awards.  The Board shall make such adjustments, and its
determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.  The conversion
of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as a
Capitalization Adjustment.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        16.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (b)           Dissolution or
Liquidation.  In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of
the Company, then all outstanding Options shall terminate immediately prior to
the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and shares of Common Stock
subject to the Company’s repurchase option may be repurchased by the Company
notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such stock is still in Continuous
Service.
     
    (c)           Corporate
Transaction.  In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any
surviving corporation or acquiring corporation may assume or continue any or all
Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar stock awards
for Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan (it being understood that similar
stock awards include, but are not limited to, awards to acquire the same
consideration paid to the stockholders or the Company, as the case may be,
pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase
rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to Stock
Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the
successor’s parent company), if any, in connection with such Corporate
Transaction.  In the event that any surviving corporation or acquiring
corporation does not assume or continue any or all such outstanding Stock Awards
or substitute similar stock awards for such outstanding Stock Awards, then with
respect to Stock Awards that have been not assumed, continued or substituted and
that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior
to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, the vesting of such Stock
Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such Stock Awards may be
exercised) shall (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate
Transaction) be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of
such Corporate Transaction as the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall
not determine such a date, to the date that is five (5) days prior to the
effective time of the Corporate Transaction), the Stock Awards shall terminate
if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to such effective time, and any
reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such
Stock Awards held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated
shall (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction)
lapse.  With respect to any other Stock Awards outstanding under the
Plan that have not been assumed, continued or substituted, the vesting of such
Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such Stock Award may be
exercised) shall not be accelerated, unless otherwise provided in a written
agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the holder of such Stock
Award, and such Stock Awards shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable)
prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction.
     
    (d)           Change in
Control.  A Stock Award held by any Participant whose
Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of a Change in
Control may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability
upon or after such event as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for
such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between
the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such
provision, no such acceleration shall occur.
     
    
      
          
            
              12. 
            
            
              Amendment
      of the Plan and Stock
Awards.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Amendment of
Plan.  The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend
the Plan.  However, except as provided in Section 11(a) relating to
Capitalization Adjustments and Section 12(f) relating to amendments without
Stockholder Approval, no amendment shall be effective unless approved by the
stockholders of the Company.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        17.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    (b)           Stockholder
Approval.  The Board, in its sole discretion, may submit any
other amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited
to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Section
162(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder regarding the exclusion of
performance-based compensation from the limit on corporate deductibility of
compensation paid to Covered Employees.
     
    (c)           No Impairment of
Rights.  Rights under any Stock Award granted before amendment
of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (i) the
Company requests the consent of the Participant and (ii) the Participant
consents in writing.
     
    (d)           Amendment of Stock
Awards.  The Board at any time, and from time to time, may
amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards; provided, however, that (i)
if the Common Stock is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange any amendment is
approved by the stockholders to the extent necessary to satisfy the rules of the
Toronto Stock Exchange, and (ii) that the rights under any Stock Award shall not
be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of
the Participant and (B) the Participant consents in writing.
     
    (e)           Insiders. If an amendment
reducing the Option exercise price or extending the term of the Option is made
to an Option held by an Insider, the amendment shall only be made effective
after the approval is received of Disinterested Stockholders at a meeting of the
stockholders of the Company.
     
    (f)           Amendments without Stockholder
Approval. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or the other
provisions hereof, the Board shall have the authority: (a) to make amendments to
the Plan or a Stock Award of a housekeeping or administrative nature; (b) if the
Common Stock is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange subject to any required
approval of the Toronto Stock Exchange, to change the vesting or termination
provisions of a Stock Award or the Plan; (c) amendments necessary to comply
with provisions of applicable law or stock exchange requirements or for grants
to qualify for favourable treatment under applicable laws; and (d)  any
other amendment, fundamental or otherwise, not requiring stockholder approval
under the Code; provided,
however, that no amendment shall be made without stockholder approval to
the extent stockholder approval is necessary to satisfy the requirements of
Section 422 of the Code
     
    
      
          
            
              13. 
            
            
              Termination
      or Suspension of the Plan.
            
          
      
    
     
    (a)           Plan Term.  The
Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time.  No Stock Awards
may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is
terminated.
     
    (b)           No Impairment of
Rights.  Suspension or termination of the Plan shall not impair
rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the Plan is in effect
except with the written consent of the Participant.
     
    
      
          
            
              14. 
            
            
              Effective
      Date of Plan.
            
          
      
    
     
    The Plan
shall become effective as determined by the Board, but no Stock Award shall be
exercised (or, in the case of a stock bonus, shall be granted) unless and until
the Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, which approval
shall be within twelve (12) months before or after the date the Plan is adopted
by the Board.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        18.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
       
    
    
      
          
            
              15. 
            
            
              Choice
      of Law.
            
          
      
    
     
    The law
of the State of Nevada shall govern all questions concerning the construction,
validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to such state’s
conflict of laws rules.
     
    
      
        
            
              
                16. 
              
              
                Limits
      with respect to
Insiders.
              
            
        
      
    
     
    (a)           The
maximum number of shares of Common Stock which may be reserved for issuance to
Insiders, at any time, under the Plan and any other share compensation
arrangement of the Company shall be 10% of the Common Stock issued and
outstanding.
     
    (b)           The
maximum number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued to Insiders under
the Plan, at any time, and any other share compensation arrangement within any
12-month period shall be 10% of the Common Stock outstanding.
     
    (c)           The
maximum number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued to any one Insider
and such Insider’s associates under the Plan, at any time, within a 12-month
period shall be 5% of the Common Stock outstanding.
     
    
      
        
            
              
                17. 
              
              
                Limits
      with respect to
Consultants.
              
            
        
      
    
     
    (a)           The
number of Options granted to any one Consultant in any 12-month period under the
Plan shall not exceed 2% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock at
the time of grant.
     
    
      
        
        
      
      
        19.
        
          
        
      
      
        
        
      
    
  


