
EX-10.2
3
westtexas_10q-ex1002.htm
LETTER AGREEMENT



     



EXHIBIT 10.2



 

August 1, 2013

 

 

Gulfex Petroleum, LLC

P.O. Box 18978

Sugar Land, Texas 77496

 

Re: Sale of Properties / Port Hudson Field,
East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana

 

Dear Sirs:

 

GULFEX PETROLEUM, LLC (“GULFEX”)
has agreed to participate with WEST TEXAS RESOURCES, INC. (“WTR”) in order to facilitate the acquisition by
WTR of certain oil and gas properties and interests in Louisiana. Specifically, GULFEX has agreed to acquire an undivided 45% of
the interests to be acquired by WTR through its acquisition of PORT HUDSON VENTURES, LLC, a Texas limited liability company
(“PHV”). PHV owns certain undivided interests in producing oil and gas leases, wells and production assets,
and related contract and other rights in the Port Hudson Field in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana (which assets are collectively
referred herein to as the “Properties” and are more particularly described on Exhibit A hereto). By execution of this
letter agreement (the “Agreement”), the parties are formalizing their agreement to the above described transaction,
upon the following terms and conditions:

 


1.Purchase Price: GULFEX agrees to advance to WTR the sum of $ 505,442.23 in consideration
for the conveyance by WTR of an undivided 45% interest in the Properties, which for purposes of this Agreement are understood and
agreed to equate to 5.92875% (of 8/8ths) Working Interest and a 4.62443% (of 8/8ths) Net Revenue Interest for the Properties described
on Exhibit A hereof.

 


2.Effective Date and Time: The Effective Date and Time for the conveyance of the 45% interest
in the Properties shall be 7:00 a.m., Central Daylight Time, April 1, 2013 ("Effective Time").

 


3.Closing Date: Closing for the conveyance of the subject interest in the Properties shall
take place at WTR’s Houston offices on or before August 15, 2013 (the “Closing Date”).

 


4.Future Operations: Pursuant to the terms of the Joint Operating Agreement governing the
Properties, GULFEX shall have the right to participate proportionately in all future operations related to the Properties.

 


5.Definitive Assignment: Title to the Properties resides in PHV which will become a wholly
owned subsidiary of WTR. WTR shall cause PHV to execute and deliver at Closing, the Assignment and Bill of Sale for the
subject interest in the Properties, in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto.

 

 



    1
     
    

 

 


6.Liens and Encumbrances: The Properties to be assigned to GULFEX shall be free and clear
of all liens and encumbrances.

 


7.Warranty of Title: WTR and PHV make no warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, except
as to parties claiming or to claim by, through or under them, but not otherwise.

 


8.Title Review; Records Research: Following execution of this Agreement and through the Closing
Date, GULFEX shall be entitled to review and photocopy all title material relating to the Properties in the possession of WTR and
PHV at the offices of WTR. In addition to the review of title, and in order to facilitate GULFEX's due diligence work with respect
to the Properties, WTR shall permit GULFEX's representatives access to all accounting, engineering, geological, geophysical and
other records, books, contracts relating to the Properties.

 


9.Facilities Inspection: Following execution of this Agreement and through the Closing Date,
GULFEX, at its sole risk and expense, shall complete any and all inspections and "As Is" approval of all equipment and
facilities attributable to or owned or used in connection with the Properties, to confirm for itself that the Properties are in
reasonable operating condition consistent with oil and gas industry standards.

 


10.Governing Law: The construction and interpretation of this letter agreement shall be governed
by the Laws of the State of Texas without reference to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.

 


11.Allocation of Liability and Expenses: Each party shall pay and discharge all liabilities,
obligations and expenses incurred by such party or on such party’s behalf in connection with the preparation, authorization,
execution and performance of this Agreement and the Assignment and Bill of Sale, including without limitation all fees and expenses
of agents, representatives, counsel, accountants, and auditors retained by such party, as well as all amounts payable with respect
to any claim for brokerage, finder's fees or other commissions based in any way on any agreements, arrangements, or understandings
made by such party.

 

 



    2
     
    

 

 


12.Post Effective Time Assumption of Liabilities: GULFEX shall assume its proportionate share
of the responsibility and liability, and does hereby indemnify and hold WTR and PHV harmless as to the interest in the Properties
acquired herein, arising from the ownership or operation of the Properties after the Effective Time.

 


13.Confidentiality: This letter and its contents are confidential and shall not be disclosed
to any third party by either party hereto, other than to (a) administrative agencies to which such disclosure is required by law,
contract or administrative regulation, and (b) personnel, agents, or representatives as each party believes are necessary in good
faith for completing the transactions represented by this Agreement.

 

 

 



    
        Very truly yours,
         
        WEST TEXAS RESOURCES, LLC
         
     

     
     
     

    By: 
    /s/ Stephen E. Jones
     

     
    Stephen E. Jones, President
     

 

 

 

Agreed
to and accepted

This 13th day of August, 2013

 

 



    GULFEX PETROLEUM, LLC
     

     
     
     

    By: 
    /s/ Brian G. Donnelly
     

     
    Brian G. Donnelly, Manager
     

 

 

 



    3
     
    

 

 

EXHIBIT A

Schedule of Properties

 

Attached to and made a part of that certain
Agreement between 

WEST TEXAS RESOURCES, INC. and GULFEX
PETROLLEUM, LLC 

dated August 13, 2013

 

 

 

 

TO FOLLOW BEFORE CLOSING

 

 

 

 

 



    4
     
    

 

 

EXHIBIT B

Form of Assignment

 

Attached to and made a part of that certain
Letter Agreement between 

WEST TEXAS RESOURCES, INC. and GULFEX
PETROLLLEUM, LLC

dated
August 13, 2013

 

 

 

 

TO FOLLOW BEFORE CLOSING

 

 

 

 



    5
    

 

 








